Metadata keywords don't appear on new post. Hi there Hi I'll be happy to
take a look Is this the site we're working on?
https://interactcombr.wordpress.com/ yes, it is Can you tell me which
post or page you're specifically not seeing the metadata keywords on?
https://interactcombr.wordpress.com/2016/12/19/fin-de-ano-para-celebrar-valorizar-y-reconocer/
https://interactcombr.wordpress.com/2016/12/19/fim-de-ano-para-comemorar-valorizar-e-reconhecer/
Thanks for that link, taking a look. Hmm, and when writing this page,
where did you put the metadata keywords? the last Friday we finished the
SEO configuration on options's template, so from now the Publications
should already display the key wods on SEO settings we configured the
post like \??Título do site?? - ??Título do post??\ Yes, I see that
we've set up all of your SEO settings here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/interactcombr.wordpress.com That
means that when your site appears in the search engines it will with the
title \??Título do site?? - ??Título do post??\ It does take 4-6 weeks
or more for search engines to revisit your site and discover this new
content. When it does, it will be listed that way in the search engines
ahh ok, now I understand it and the keywords?, where I should to set up
them? I don't recommend focusing on keywords for your posts, as search
engines like google do ignore Keywords, instead I'd focus on the meta
description for your post/page You can find where to put this when
editing your post, for example here:
https://wordpress.com/post/interactcombr.wordpress.com/203 In the
lefthand sidebar under \SEO Description\ This is the description that
will show in the search engines Here is a great guide on how to best use
those features:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
cool this information is very interesting for us Oh great! That author
writes a lot of great posts about Search Engines and SEO, you can find
them here: https://dailypost.wordpress.com/author/chriswsmith/ Go ahead
and follow those guides and if you have any questions, please open up a
new chat box- tell us where you're stuck and we'll be happy to help! :)
thank you your information was helpfull where is the live chat function
hi You can chat to us from here: https://wordpress.com/help/contact You
can access this page by clicking the help icon (?) at the bottom left
corner of your WordPress.com dashboard. I'm trying to set up a website
but VERY confused about this site ... I want a website NOT a blog but I
seem to only be able to access the blog feature You can use
WordPress.com to create both blog and a website; they are one and the
same. \n Blogs are post based and sites are page based, but both can
co-exist on a single WordPress.\n Check this guide to learn more about
how to change from blog format to website format:
\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2015/07/01/where-is-my-website/ do I
have to pay to add a domain name I already own and add an email address?
Do you mean you own the domain name from some other registrar? yes Sure,
you can use the domain name you already own using Domain Mapping:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/domains/map-existing-domain/ I see you
already mapped melbourneactorsheadshots.com in your account. But this
domain is owned through Wix, right? Oddly enough, Wix doesn't allow
their domains to be mapped to us. As what I see in this Wix's support
guide, they suggest you transfer the domain to WordPress.com. But we
don't accept incoming domain transfers. So you will have to transfer
this domain to another registrar who accepts transfers and allows
mapping the domain to us. I'm finding this site very hard to use. have
no idea where to start Hi there! Welcome back? 1st thing I want to do is
create a home page that doubles as a folio so I need to add images I
want a website NOT a blog ... I keep looping back to a blog somehow Did
you check this guide to learn how to change your site from a blog to a
website: Check this guide to learn more about how to change from blog
format to website format:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2015/07/01/where-is-my-website/ in the
menus section I have set up the 4 pages I need. The first one is called
'home' ... how do I add photos to that i did but i still end up in a
blog Oh you tried the guide already. Can you follow the step 3 of this
guide and setup a static front page for your site? Your front page is
still set to show your blog posts. You can add photos to any page using
this guide: https://en.support.wordpress.com/add-media/ trying to ... I
want to select my home page for my static page but it will only let me
select the about option Yep, the Home on your current site is the home
page created by WordPress. and it keeps telling me to ad blog posts!!!!
Create a new page and then you can select it as your new home page. but
it will only let me set my static page to my about page Yep, that's
because now you only have one page: About page. So add another page and
then you can select it as your home page. but I created 4 items in the
menu Ah yeah, I see 4 items in the Menu. But the FAQ and Contact pages
seem to be trashed. So please restore them from trash folder on
https://wordpress.com/pages/trashed/melbourneactorsheadshotsdotcom.wordpress.com
or create a new page. ??? why? I create a page and called it Home but it
still doesn't show up in the drop down menu Let me check your pages can
I just do 1 thing at a time ... first I want to create a Home page that
will double as my folio Ah, yes you created a Home page, but it is still
in the draft state. It will appear in the Front page drop down menu once
you publish. I also see your other pages are drafts as well. how do I go
back to publish them? Are you in the edit screen of one of those draft
pages? You will see the blue Publish button at the left. can you see it
now, I just published Did you also set the new Home page as your home
page? I see you have two Home pages: one is published and the other one
is still draft. It is a good idea to keep only one Home page to avoid
confusion later. I was pressing save not publish. How can I delete the
draft one? I have set home page to static page ...how can I add content?
You will see the trash can icon at the top right of the edit screen. You
can edit the Home page and add content in the page editor that you see
under the toolbar. Well done on setting the new Home page as your front
page. where is the edit scree? n Here is the list of all your pages:
https://wordpress.com/pages/melbourneactorsheadshotsdotcom.wordpress.com
Click the three dots corresponding to the Home page and select Edit done
that Sweet. You can add content to the page editor under the toolbar.
but I still haven't deleted the darft home page On the left hand side of
your screen, do you see Pages menu item? no ok, i think i've done it You
clicked on Pages on the left right? On the right, you will see your
pages. At the top, you will see Drafts tab. Click on Drafts. i found a
bit called draft pages and deleted the doubled up pages Awesome :) Can I
ask if you are new to WordPress.com? sooo ... im on the home page and
clicked on edit - add media and have uploaded the photos but am I
limited by the layouts you offer ... I don't like any of them ... Ah,
yeah you are on the right track. Do you man you don't like any of the
themes you see at wordpress.com/themes/? no not the themes ... I do like
them a lot ... but when I selected a them the template wasn't there Ah,
are you referring to page templates offered by the themes:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/pages/page-options/#template theres a
section called Layout - then a drop down menu with these options:
Individual Images\nThumbnail Grid\nTiled Mosaic\nSquare
Tiles\nCircles\nTiled Columns\n don't like these ... photos are small
and stretched Ah, these are gallery styles. right, I just want side by
side horizontal scrolling Photos are displayed on carousel once you
click on the images in the gallery, but as soon as you load the gallery
page. sorry, don't understand that i want it to look like this
http://www.melbourneactorsheadshots.com/ The side by side horizontal
scrolling display you mentioned is possible once you click on the
gallery images. so how do I do that Have you tried this theme:
https://theme.wordpress.com/themes/boardwalk/
https://boardwalkdemo.wordpress.com/ themes looks similar to
http://www.melbourneactorsheadshots.com/ ok, I'll look at this. thanks.
That should be it .... for now :( Oh, are you sad? yes! LOL Oh no!
sorry, just tried to set the images in horizontal scrolling using that
theme but I still only get those options I don't like Fair enough. With
WordPress.com, we take care of all of technical details of site hosting
for you. But this also means, you have less flexibility in terms of
themes and plugins, since you can’t add your own. so using the boardwalk
theme how do I set the images to horizontal scrolling ... like in the
demo? On the Boardwalk demo, the front page is the posts page. The
images are the featured images of respective posts. But you are wanting
to use a static front page for your site, not posts page. So these two
conflict. by static front page does that mean 1 image? Hmm, if you set a
static front page, you can't make your site look like Boardwalk theme
demo site. I just want the home page to also be my folio ... so I need
many images with horizontal scrolling ...is there an easy way to do this
In that case, if you wish to use Boardwalk theme, I suggest you show
your posts on your home page. ok, so I guess I don't know what static
front page means. I just want it to look like the boardwalk theme ...
static or not so should I de-click static front page static front page
means, a page you want to show as the front page of your site. Unlike
posts page which keeps updating with latest posts, front page content is
static. Yes, de-click front page and choose latest posts as your front
page. Then add featured image to each of your posts using this guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/featured-images/ ok, I need to keep
updating content as I've said my home page is alos my folio. I have
de-clicked static front page On Boardwalk theme, the featured images
will appear in the horizontal row. but now I'm back in blog posts!!!
That's right. Now check your home page now. I see first blog post with
the sunrise image. Your other blog posts, when added, will appear
horizontally like in the demo. they dont i think I have two themes going
on ... can you check happy to stick with boatrdwalk Yes:
https://cloudup.com/cQj-J0R-Xcx ok, that's not what it looks like on my
end however Can you refresh the page again and check? Welcome back :)
How's it going? hi, I am trying different themes ... I have mixfolio ATM
but can I make the images rectangles instead of squares? We can override
theme default styles to some extent using custom CSS, which is a feature
of Personal and Business plans. I have a personal plan That's right. But
CSS and other advanced custom design features are not part of Personal
plan. so I have to upgrade Also note that, having CSS feature doesn't
mean that you can change any style on your site. It only opens up some
possibilities. all i want to change is the shape of the images from
square to rectangle Yep, what I suggest is to try the CSS forums. I am
not a CSS expert and we also don't support CSS in the live chat. For CSS
support, I’m going to send you over to the experts. You can just add a
question here, and either one of our experts or one of our expert
volunteers will help you get that sorted out:
http://en.forums.wordpress.com/forum/css-customization. Once they
confirm that you can change the squares to rectangles, then you can
consider upgrading. As much as possible, try to achieve what you want
using free themes and features. :) ok, sounds too hard. I was trying the
Boardwalk theme but the rectangle shapes are very narrow and look
squashed Ah fair enough. just got cut off from someone\n Ah wait. Are
you there? Looks like the chat was disconneced. yes, can I make the
rectangle images in boardwalk them a bit wider? can I add left and right
scrollibng arrows It may be possible with CSS, but you need to check
with our CSS experts in the forums:
http://en.forums.wordpress.com/forum/css-customization ok can I add left
and right scrollibng arrows That is not possible with CSS. but if I
don't get CSS - if I just use the boardwalk theme can I add arrows???
CSS can be only used to style the existing elements on the page. CSS
can't be used to add new elements. you've lost me ... CSS can't be used
to add arrows. But if arrows are already shown in the theme, then we can
use CSS to tweak their display style. I'm not using CSS - I'm wondering
if the boardwalk them has arrows I can add i thought CSS was an
aditional thing I could get it I wanted to change the template I got you
now. I just checked the Boardwalk theme demo, and it is not showing the
arrows. so I can't add them?? So arrows can't be added to Boardwalk.
damn! I understand how you feel. But as I mentioned, on WordPress.com,
our users trade convenience for flexibility. is you SEO and google
analytics easy to use? I can't at this stage afford to pay someone to
update SEO We already take care of SEO for all the sites on
WordPress.com. This will free up your time to focus on producing high
quality content consistently. \n can I change the colour of the fonts in
the drop down menu? so do I need to upgarde to the business plan to get
SEO and google analytics Personal plan doesn't offer this level of
customization. Nope, you don't need to upgrade. SEO is taken care for
all our sites. On top of this, Business plan offers advanced SEO
feature. Having said this, here are some ideas you can consider to
improve your site's ranking with Google:\n
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
yes, that was my next question. how do I add a blog feature to this
website? You currently set your front page to show posts, right?
Instead, you can choose to set a static front page and specify another
page as your posts page. I think we already talked about this at the
start of the chat. But here is how to set a front page and posts page:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/pages/front-page/ i just want to add a
blog to the drop down menu Sure, once you create a posts page, you can
make a drop down menu using this guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/ You can create a drop down menu
by dragging and dropping existing menu items as shown in the screencast
in this section:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/#2-organize-your-menu We’ve gone
over a lot today. And looks like we’ve addressed all the questions you
had when you started this chat. I know. My head hurts! No worries, I see
you are working hard :) trying to save money doing this myself! If you
are new to WordPress.com we have a step-by-step guide to all things
WordPress.com: https://learn.wordpress.com/\n\nYou can find more details
in our support documentation: https://support.wordpress.com/\n\nThere we
have guides on getting started (https://support.wordpress.com/start) ,
writing your first post (https://support.wordpress.com/create) , and
finding your readers (https://en.support.wordpress.com/connect/). It
looks like we are done here, but if you need anything later, feel free
to open a new chat. i just added a new page called blog but it doesn't
show up in the drop down menu Which drop down menu you are referring?
I'd prefer to have my front page to show post so it also doubles as my
folio - when I get more content I might change that Sure thing. the drop
down with about & rates, FAQs, contact the drop down on my site Ah, do
you mean in the Customizer > Static Front Page section? no, way back at
the beginning you said to create a menu on my site I need to add pages
... is that what you ssaid??? I want this: 1. home page/folio 2. About &
Rates 3. FAQs 4. Contact 5. Blog these are all the pages i want Yep,
fair enough. You already have some of the these pages in your menu.
Where do you want the sub-menu now? I have all of them except the blog
... I added it but it doesn't show up Let me check your menu. BUT ...
when I preview my site, next to the Facebook icon there is a word press
icon ... is that the blog? Can you go to
https://wordpress.com/menus/melbourneactorsheadshotsdotcom.wordpress.com
and add Blog page to your Primary menu using this guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/ I am sooooo lost No problem. Let
me clarify it for you. all the photos I added are now gone Your posts
were moved to trash. i just added the images again and they come up with
the tiled mosaic ... not horozontial Can you go to your Posts dashboard
screen:
https://wordpress.com/posts/melbourneactorsheadshotsdotcom.wordpress.com
Click on Trashed tab at the top and restore the posts first. just fixing
that ... I thought I was trasjing stuff from the blog, not the home page
No worries! First restore all your posts. I just added 5 new post with 5
new images but only 1 shows up???? Can you refresh the page now. I see
all your photos. hi again,\n yes, all pics now uploaded. so i need to
upload under \blog posts' and not 'pages\ That's right. Alright. I need
to leave now. But let me check if any of my coworkers can help you. I
think we went over a lot of things. I suggest you check our learner
tutorial here: learn.wordpress.com. This guide tells you everything you
need to know to get started with WordPress.com: posts, pages, menus and
widgets. Does that sound good? I’ve stayed on as long as I am able. But
I need to go now. ok. sorted. so just 1 last thing for today ... how do
i add the the blog to the drop down menu ok, I'll do that You can add
Blog to the dropdown menu only if you set another static front page. In
your current setup where your front page is the posts page, the Blog
page you created won't show your posts. It is just an empty page titled
Blog. right, so the front page I currently have is kinda my blog page So
probably you don't need to add the Blog to dropdown menu. It is only
useful in the drop down menu when you have another front page, so you
can select Blog as your posts page in the drop down menu. That's right.
Your front page is your blog page. I hope you are clear now. Alright
then. I think I answered all your questions. Have a great day. Bye :)
Thanks, so is that enough to keep SEO up to date ... if I'm adding new
posts every week. should i tag and describe the images? Hi there.
Tagging and writing a great description is definitely a good idea,
SEO-speaking. OK. Thanks. THANK YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!! You're welcome! If you
have any other questions, feel free to contact us again on chat! Hi
again! I i am trying to add a domain I already own to my wordpress site
and it says \Sorry, melbourneactorsheadshots.com is already mapped to a
WordPress.com blog. Ok, let me check into that for you. Yes, it's
actually already mapped to your site here:
https://melbourneactorsheadshotsdotcom.wordpress.com/ but my domain name
is It looks like you purchased that through Wix...is that correct? the
domain name is just http://www.melbourneactorsheadshots.com/ Ok, to make
it work, there is another thing you'll need to do. not.wordpress.com
Once you complete this, *then* http://www.melbourneactorsheadshots.com/
will work on that site, and you won't see
https://melbourneactorsheadshotsdotcom.wordpress.com/ You'll need to
contact Wix, and ask them to change the A record on
http://www.melbourneactorsheadshots.com/ to be 192.0.78.24. You can just
copy and paste that in your email/communication to them. ok, thanks. do
I have to pay for that? They should not charge you for it, no. Thanks :)
I'll set the primary domain on that site to be the correct one, so that
as soon as they change it, the domain will work correctly. You'll know
it's working when the new site starts showing instead of the old one. :)
hi, I just went to view my wordpress site and it sends me to the wix
site ... or what looks like the wix site ...???? Yes, as I said, you'll
need to have Wix change that A record for you. I've set your site so
that as soon as they fully change it, your site will start working.
Otherwise, you'll need to contact us yet again to make that change
later. so even thought it's in word press it will look like the wix site
i did? No, it won't. You're seeing the Wix site now, because your domain
has not been changed to point to WordPress. hello?\n Hi there, anything
I can help? i was just chatting to someone and got cut off hello?
hello???? Right, your message might not gi through properly. Can you
please paste your question again? just wondering why my wordpress site
looks like my wix site when I preview ... I am transfering my wix domain
name to wordpress I also can't get a preview now ... just get a sad face
icon Sorry, what's the domain name? www.melbourneactorsheadshots.com
thsi is the domain I git when I set up my wix site - but I want to
switch to wordpress. when I did a preview about 30 mins ago wordpress
site looked like wix site but now I don't get any preview at all hi
again, I keep losing you\n Yeah, sorry about that. Looks like the chat
system is having some hiccup. So if I understand correctly, the
melbourneactorsheadshots.com domain name need to open to a WordPress.com
site, instead of to Wix? i've been on here all morning - need to get off
but wondering what's happening with the preview function I have a wix
site, I want to change over to WP, I gave you the domain name that I
purchased via wix, moments after that I went to preview my WP site and
it looked EXACTLY like my wix site. BUT now I can't get a preview at all
So first of all, for the change to WP to work properly, you need: 1)
Domain Mapping (already added), and 2) point the nameservers to use
WordPress.com's For point 2, see
https://en.support.wordpress.com/map-existing-domain/#2-ask-your-domain-provider-to-update-your-dns-settings
Before that, the domain name will not work properly. That can affect the
preview as well. I have done part 2 but haven't heard back from them yet
but why would my WP site preview like my wix site? and why do I get no
preview now at all right OK. But will my WP site look like my wix site
once all the changes have been made? Once the change is made and applied
properly, the domain name will open to the WP site (not wix anymore). So
the general workflow is to finalize the domain tasks first, before you
can work on the site. i understand that but will it LOOK like the wix
site? I'm trying to understand that question. If you're creating a site
on WordPress.com, there's a good chance it will not look like the Wix
site. Do you need the WordPress site to look like the one on Wix? well
I'm confused because when I did the preview 30 mins ago I was using a WP
theme but it previewed EXACTLY like my wix site - so I know it sounds
like a dumb question but the preview of my wix site in WP has thrown me.
BTW I don't mind if it does look like the wix site as I prefer that
layout ... the WP themes are really suiting what I need. The boardwalk
theme is the closest but the images are very long and narrow *are not
really suiting Ah OK. The exact preview that you're seeing is likely
because the domain is still pointing to Wix. That's why the preview is
opening the Wix site. right. OK. Damn. Prefer that layout but have been
told that WP is better for google ranking There is no theme on
WordPress.com that I know of, that's identical to the one you have on
Wix. Boardwalk is pretty close as you mentioned. no there isn't. as i
said boardwalk is the closest but they are very thin so my photos get
cropped ... I'd doinf headshot portrait photography so the cropping
isn't great someone I spoke with before said I may be able to adjust the
width of the images using CSS ... I don't know what that is but I know
someone who might RIght, it seems possible to edit it with CSS (and you
can also ask our CSS staff in the forums to work on the CSS for you:
https://en.forums.wordpress.com/forum/css-customization) CSS
customization requires Premium or Business plan on the site. ok, thanks
You're welcome. Hi can you tell me how long it will take me to see my
site online through google when I type in my web address
www.beckyonlinecom.wordpress.com Search engines might take anywhere from
4-6 weeks to index new sites. Although, it also depends on a lot of
other factors, like the frequency, relevance, and originality of your
content. I would suggest setting up a Google search console account
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Vorrei sapere perche
il mio sito hushuayaxandercattery.com non è attivo su internet? Hi
there. I read your question with translate.google.com and will reply in
English :) Good question - I'm taking a look into the site settings now.
Sorry but yesterday i do a website hushuayaxandercattery.com but its not
online why? I hace Hmm. I am able to see the site live here:
https://hushuayaxandercattery.com/ I have already pay What happens when
you click that link? Hushuayaxandercattery.com Its right? In google I
look it on your link but i not look it on google when i write
hushuayaxander.com I see. Google takes up to 6 weeks to begin to show a
site. It won't show yet - it's too soon. Ah ok thank you You can follow
these tips to optimize the site, though:
https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en=en=it=http%3A%2F%2Fdailypost.wordpress.com%2F2013%2F04%2F11%2Fseo-and-your-blog%2F
You're welcome :) Let me know if you have other questions. So if i want
to show my website to my friends i must write
http://hushuayaxandercattery.com/ ? Yes, that's correct. You can also
share hushuayaxandercattery.com without the https. Ok I'm going to end
this chat. If you have other questions, send us a message :) I have also
purchased an email @mvgrenovationreclamation but I don't know how to set
this up and link it to my website?\n We sent an email to
markdgilham@hotmail.com with some login information. Did you receive
that message? It might be in your SPAM folder. Thank you I can now see
the sight if I search on the Surface I created it on but if I search for
it on my phone it doesn't come Up? I'm not sure what you mean. What in
particular are you looking for? I am trying to make sure the site is not
live Is this for mvgrenovationreclamation.com? Yes Great. That site is
public right now, and I can show you how to change it. Let's go to My
Site > Settings Here, scroll down to where it says Privacy There, select
the option to set the site as private, and save the changes. But I want
people to be able tp see it now I'm confused - you mentioned you didn't
want the site to be live. Overall, what are you looking to have? No I
wanted to find it ...if I type the address in the surface I created it
on it obviously recognises the address from where ive been working on
it...but if i search for the site on another device it doesn't find it I
see. Thank you for explaining that. Your site is only 3 hours old. It
can take up to 6 weeks for search engines to index it. I recommend
following the tips here to optimize your site for them when they do
arrive here:
\n\nhttp://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ Let me
know if you have questions about that. Oh so its just a case of being
bottom of the pile!!! That's correct. Google hasn't indexed your site
yet. You can follow the steps here, though, and see if it speeds up the
process: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ was obviously
typing in the wrong box...ive just put it on the address bar and its
come up...THANK YOU Let us know if you have other questions. Last
question...for now... Is there a way I can get rid of the 'featured' tag
that is currently on the photo? I can take a look at that for you One
moment Alright it you won't be able to remove it since it is part of the
theme. The only way to remove it would be via CSS which is part of the
premium plan and higher No problem...can I amend the text in this
section? I believe so. It looks like you set the featured post tag to be
todays tools. Is that correct? Can you go into one of your posts and tag
it with that? Yes but it still says Mark Gilham Let me take a look I
don't know what you mean by that Ok so take a look at your home page now
Do you like how that looks better? Yes but I want it to read 'Today's
Tools' not mark Fulham Gilham* Ok so we can change the name of the post.
Can click on the post and edit it so it reads todays tools? The title
that is And I don't want the date theree Ok some themes allow you to
remove the date and others don't or if you wanted to you would have to
do it via css Ok I can live with the date... but I stil can't fid where
I change my name to tools... Ok can you click on My Site >Posts Then
click on the post with your name So you can edit it You are welcome
Really please with it now Awesome!! Is there anything else I can help
you with today? I am going to end this chat now but please feel free to
start a new chat if you need further help. Have a great day! Does
wordpress.com actually block Google searches? I beginning to think so.
Good tags, keywords, strong content, consistent updating, doesn't seem
to do much. I'm getting cynical about wordpress.com. Your site's privacy
setting is Public as you can see in the Privacy section of this page:
https://wordpress.com/settings/general/reflocate.com So we allow Google
to index your site. We already take care of SEO for all the sites on
WordPress.com. This will free up your time to focus on producing high
quality content consistently. \n\nHaving said this, here are some ideas
you can consider to improve your site's ranking with
Google:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
I don't know why I am not getting search results then. I understand your
concern. However, your content really needs to be top-notch to be at the
top of the Google search results. Remember, there is a lot of
competition there! Everyone wants to be at the top of Google search
results. Besides your content, try to follow the SEO tips in the guides
I shared above. Here is another set of SEO ideas:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
I was afraid that answer would fall back on me and my content.
Practical. It seems the more you pay wordpress, the more the more \help\
you get. Sorry to be blunt, but really. We include more features on our
higher end, Business plan. And even Business plan includes SEO Tools
feature: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ However, base SEO
features are available even in our free plans. OK, I'll look at them
tomorrow. Also we provide same level of support for all our users :)
Mine isn't free; I just expect better results. I'll look at your links,
but everyone has a link. it seems. My frustration is ... I hear that you
are upset and I understand why you would feel that way. But I am sure
you will get lot in return for the little time you invest in reading the
information in links. Hello I have launched Toronto-Businessphere.com as
a Business plan. I could not feel happier with this. One of the things I
wanted to take advantage of was my access to customer service. :) \n\nI
was wondering, is there anything I could do to improve SEO for this
website? Tags, meta tags, Titles of blogs and etc? Am I doing okay? Your
site will automatically generate meta tags and descriptions from the
content you put on each page (and the title). I do usually recommend
adding tags to each post, as that can help as well. We have a guide here
with more information regarding SEO on WordPress.com sites:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ I read
that and it spiked another question. I use minimum 20 tags per post.
Would you recommend doing like 5? It is very useful though thank you.
Usually I recommend just a handful of tags, somewhere between 3-10, but
more doesn't necessarily hurt. 3-10 wow I have been working too hard.
lol What is your name? My name's Carissa :) Carissa, I am loving the
Happiness engineers! I look forward to writing, learning and talking
more to you guys in the future. Have a nice day You too! Glad I could
help. I hope you have a great day as well :) hi im trying to verify my
site with youtube but am having a hard time\n\n i was told to copy code
remove html and paste...not working google-site-verification:
googleb763bf08f476835e.html Hi there! Have you seen the instructions
here for that?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
It should be the same as for search console for Google - where did you
enter it? I'm happy to take a look site verification services google.
check if you like Thanks! Let me take a look at your site. Just a
moment, please. :) ok Did it generate a code that looks like this,
instead? That's what you'll need for your site here: It could also be a
TXT record option. It looks like you have added the
googleb763bf08f476835e text in the SEO section. You will need to go back
and use the full HTML Tag option available in the 'Alternate methods'
tab at Google:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
If you need any additional help, let us know! this is what i am given
from youtube ok i got it is that what you are talking about i got it.
thanks Excellent - chat us again if you have questions/ Hi ! When i
googlize \dpn energie\, i do'nt find www.dpn-energie.com or our home
page in the first page. I find \https://dpn-energie.com/a-propos/ \ but
this page doesn't exist anymore. Can you help us? Right, it can take a
while before Google starts updating their search results It's something
that's only controlled by them What can help is to publish content on a
regular basis - e.g. blog posts, so Google visits your site often
Thanks, do you have any other advices for my home page, please? Hmm Your
page in general is good. You might want to include your targeted
keywords in your blog posts / page content. Some more tips are here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n Thanks !
You're welcome. :) Hi, \nWe are trying to google our website and it is
not coming up, it comes up if we put the website into the search
bar.\n\nPlease can you advise on how we can search it via google?\n Hi
there! While we inform search engines of your new site immediately, it
can take them 3 to 4 weeks to index your site. It can also take time for
search engines to list your site near the top of the results, and there
is no simple way to fix this because it is up to search engines. If you
want to find it, you can type the address directly into your browser
address bar for now If you are interested in increasing traffic to your
site, you may find the following documents
helpful:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ To expedite things,
I'd also recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ okay thank
you for your help. we shall keep an eye on it You’re welcome! If you
have any additional questions let me know, or you can find us again at
https://wordpress.com/help we have added a page about fixtures. how do
we get this onto our home page, so people do not have to search for it,
it is just there for people to click on. Hi there! You can add it using
the Menus option. To adjust that, head to the Customize link on the
left-hand sidebar, under Themes. This is a link directly to that screen:
\n\nhttps://wordpress.com/customize/ If you don't have a menu already
listed there, you can create a new one and add pages to it. You'll want
to make sure it's assigned as the primary menu for your site, using the
Menu Locations option at the top. I have had my site for a year and i
need advertising besides word of mouth. \nI do boat lettering. Hand
painted names. Goldleafing etc. \nHow can i make my site more visible to
searches Hi there! I'm Tish :) What is your name? Larry Nice to meet you
Larry! I'll be happy to help with that. Sounds like we want your site to
be found in search engines. Correct What would you like to search in
Google for example, and your site to show up? :) Boat Names, Boat
Lettering, Gold Leaf Names, Gold leaf lettering, painted signs, hand
painted signs, Okay one moment while I review those search terms and
your site From there I'll offer some recommendations :) perfect been
trying to call wordpress for a month. so any help would be great While
we don't offer phone support, I'm happy to help here today! :) Okay so
it looks like each of these search terms have millions of results- which
means they're very competitive. Are you based in a specific location?
Because I would recommend instead trying to target for example Boat
Lettering Name of Location we can localize to the southeast region.
Florida, Georgia, Alabama, South and North Carolina The main thing to
keep in mind is that search engines look at your site and the. content
on your site. Then use that content to rank you in the search engines.
So for example you would need the words \Boat Lettering Florida\ on your
site in order to start to show up for terms like this how do we add
these names to our site. Like boat lettering Florida. Boat lettering
South Carolina. Where to enter hashtags etc So the recommendations I
have, is to start writing useful original content onto your sites.
Specifically blog posts, that include some of these search terms. By
having regularly updated content the search engines are more likely to
find you. I wouldn't recommend hashtags, instead of would put a strong
focus on making sure your site is readable and useful to humans. would
adding more domian names help I wouldn't suggest more domain names,
instead more content. so add more bloqs with the content stating Boat
Lettering Florida etc does wordpress offer any kind of advertising Yes,
so for example \How to find Hand Painted Signs in Florida\ so bloq this
as an update Correct, that'd be a great blog post. If you're interested
in more traffic I also recommend this guide here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ any
other suggestions. i will try and post more WordPress.com blogs and
websites are very search friendly by default. The best advice we can
give you about getting listed in search engines is to write good content
and descriptive titles for images.\n I also recommend reading these
articles on SEO, which have some great action areas:\n
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
I am trying to figure out how to make sure my website is added to SEO
and why is there only two visits? Where do I view web site visits?
\nThanks!\n Stephen Stinemetze Hi Stephen! I'll check your settings Ok.
Your site is public, and it is indexed by Google\nYou can check the
pages in Google here:
https://www.google.com.au/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant=1=2=UTF-8#q=site%3Aevergreencanon.com
If you are looking to increase your traffic we have some suggestions
here: http://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/
Chat with us again if you need more help :) Hi, I am wondering of you
can help me. Hi, I am wondering if you can help me... Basically I have
upgraded my website (through Fiveer) but, since going live - links are
broken and google is rating some pages as https and http so I am not
sure what is happening. \n\nAlso, some of the pages showing on google
search are broken? I'm so confused as to what to do :( Let me check your
website. Can you please tell me what do you mean by 'I have upgraded my
website (through Fiveer)'? I have a friend who changed the layout and
content appearance of the site - so I added more pages etc this page for
example - GOogle Cached it on 13.01.2017 and seen content ... but, the
link is showing page broken
http://mckpromotions.com/index.php/product-category/corporate-mugs/travel-mugs/
We don't use the 'index.php' link structure on WordPress.com, did you
have a self-hosted website under your domain before? What I can advice
is to register an account at Google Webmaster center, verify your domain
and submit your site map.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/#news-sitemaps
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/mckpromotions.com
https://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/ Ok -
thank you Come back and chat with us again if you have more questions.\n
We are always happy to help! Bye! are you still there Well. I'm not
Maciej, but a colleague May I help you? I can't seem to log into the
site? usually I log in through http://mckpromotions.com/wp-login.php
mckpromotions Rachpaul*1 but its not working now Going to take a look :)
Could I ask you if this site is hosted in WordPress.com? :) no it is
hosted with hostgator now Ok. We have no access to hostgator sites, :/ I
recommend you to contact them THey could maybe help you with this but I
always log in the same way? YOu can start a live chat from here.
http://support.hostgator.com/ I was trying to tell you to use the lost
password page, but it's not there, so I think the best you could do is
to contact them I suppose they will have access to your page and can
tell you what's happen there Is there any other thing we could help you
with? no thank you for now :) Do not hesitate to open a new chat if you
have any other questions or if there's anything else we can help with
Hi,\ngoogle tells me, that my site is not listed, what can I do? I'm
Tish, I'll be happy to take a look into that. Which site is this for?
thanks: nadja-kuehn.com Okay running some tests now. Meanwhile can you
tell me what we're typing into Google when looking for your site? I used
this: https://www.google.de/search?q=site%3Anadja-kuehn.com=utf-8=utf-8=t=org.mozilla:de:official=firefox-a=sb_rd=cr=GPB9WODPH4fZ8AeB9Z-4Dg
but just by using my name 'nadja kuehn' or the title of my site
'naturtherapie für gestresste grossstädter' nothing omes up (that has to
do with my site Ah, so it looks like 2 days ago you updated your site
from Private to Public It may take 4-6 weeks or more for search engines
to visit your blog and for you to show up in the search engines Now, I
recommend to speed this timeframe up, registering with Google Webmaster
Tools, it's a way to verify your site directly with Google and usually
results in them seeing your site faster Here is a guide on how to do
that: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Ah okay. Thank
you! My pleasure! I'll go ahead and close this chat window, but if you
need further assistance, please feel free to open a new chat window and
we'll be happy to help! Okay! Hey there,\nI want to add key words to my
site but I don't know how. could you please help?\n Oh Hi! I'm Tish, I
remember chatting with you earlier! :) So it sounds like we're ready to
add keywords to your site? Guess we are. Okay! Pulling up your site now
Search engines no longer use the \keywords\ functionality when ranking
sites. So instead, I'm going to recommend what whatever search terms you
want to show up in the search engines for, that you write content around
those. basically Google looks at all of the content on your site and
based on the words you're using, puts you in the search engines
accordingly. Thus, you can cannot show up in the search engines for
search terms that are not found on your site. This I already did. Japp,
okay, maybe I'll have to add some. Consistently publishing useful
original posts with those terms is really the key here, I am seeing you
have some content on your site which is great! So I'm going to encourage
you to continue to do that. It does take some time to show up in the
search engines, but this is really the best route. I also recommend
reading these articles on SEO, which have some great action
areas:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
Okay. And since this isn't really a blog for me, but a site where I
present what I am ofering, I probably wont write new posts over and over
again...? While you can just leave the content on your site as is, it is
less likely it will show up in the search engines. Google does looks for
sites that are regularly updated and favor those. Even if every other
month you write an article about the type of therapy you do, that new
content will help. Hm. It says when I make changes it's linke a pling
for Google. Hihi. Okay, get it. Okay! Glad I was able to help! So,
thanks again, Trish. Anytime! :) I'll go ahead and close this chat
window, but if you need further assistance, please feel free to open a
new chat window and we'll be happy to help! Sure! How can I add meta tag
on my pages?\n I'm Tish, I'll be happy to help. Can you tell me more
about this meta tag? Is this for search engines? Or something else? :)
Yes, It's for google search engine. You can add a meta description to a
page or past by using the excerpt field. Meta tags are specifically not
being used by search engines to index sites I go to setting > SEO > Site
Verification Services to add meta tags such as description and keywords.
Site Verification Services is to verify your site with for example
Google Webmaster Tools To add a meta description to each page you can
edit the page and in the lefthand sidebar under \More Options\ use the
excerpt field for the meta description hi spencer Hi! how mapping domain
name to wordpress.com help my seo boosting? Keeping a domain on your
site, so your web address stays the same over time, is good for SEO
since Google/search engines will rank your site using that address.
(Changing to a different domain after you have used one for a while can
cause a drop in your search rankings.) just subscfribe a 1 year premium
plan this domain \torontobasement underpinning.com. How wordpress.com
team can help me generate more leads and to get higher ranking in the
search Google search engine? The best way to improve your ranking is to
publish original content regularly. You can also connect your site to
Google Search Console to have more control over your Google results:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ And this post has some
great information on using keywords in your content:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
thanks spencer You're welcome! anymore tips to get faster ranking? No,
there is no real trick... just time and work. Use the keywords (as
explained in the post), and publish content regularly. Google likes to
see active sites with content over time. does my subscription includes
theme? It includes free themes and some Premium themes. (They will show
as free when you are looking at themes.) When you look through the
themes, some will cost money and are not included. If you're not sure,
click on one to add it and if it asks you for a credit card number, you
know it costs money. Got you spencer just new not good for design can
you pls recommend me a theme good for
this/torontobasementunderpinning.com What kind of site are you making?
its a basement underpining contractor in Toronto Canada Okay, one of
these business style themes may be good to try out:
https://wordpress.com/themes/gateway/ https://wordpress.com/themes/edin/
https://wordpress.com/themes/goran/ I will check now Okay. Check them
out and let me know if you have any questions. you are a great man
spencer love the first one Great! That's a nice theme. :) is there
anyway to work on theme backend? I cannot get search engines to pick up
a description of our website\n Hi there :) I'm working with a website
tworiverscatholic.com \nI cannot get search engines to pick up a
description of our website OK. I see that your site with us is
relatively new so there are a few things you can do to make your site
more search engine friendly It does take some time, of course, for
Google to index a site in the beginning Here are some great tips about
search engine optimization to get your site more visible: Thank you! I
will research this. One thing i was confused about was that I saw this
on the search engine: \A description for this result is not available
because of this site's robots.txt\ my site is now public, not private
Ok. When did you set your site to public? yesterday. Do I need to wait a
while? Yes. What happens is that Google goes around the internet looking
for sites.. it's called indexing your site and it takes some time for
Google to find new sites (or sites that have recently become public)
once Google does index the site though, you will no longer see that
message ok. whew! great! thank you I hope you have a great day :)_ How
can connect a plugin on my page? Hello! And i have a another question,:
Please note that due to security reasons, plugins are not available on
WordPress.com hosted sites.\nFor this, you will need a self-hosted
environment How can i change the title tage? If i go to google and i
search my site the title is wrong can i change from .com to .org? To
change your site title, navigate to Settings and you can change the Site
Title/Tagline from there. However note that it might take a couple of
days for Google to re-index that search result and update it on their
side. Could you please tell us what is the functionality that you're
trying to achieve using a plugin? Oke thank you than i will wait a
couple of days I wanna use Yoast SEO WordPress.com has great support for
SEO right out of the box. You don't have to do anything extra. Please
visit https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ for more
information. Oke thank you Thanks to you too :) Don't hesitate to ping
us whenever you might have additional questions! Hosting service is
wordpress but i have paid for a hosting service by names cheap.com\nI
can't find my wordpress blog on google\nHow can i make changes to my
blog and not have it live Let me check your website settings your site
ukbeautygems.co.uk is configured to be read by search sites, like
Google, but it takes time your website has been created 21 hours ago,
because of that it is not on Google yet Would you mind waiting for a
couple of days? I haven't heard from you in a while, so I'm going to
close this chat to help the next user, but if you have any further
questions, please feel free to start a chat and let us know! :) Bonjour,
pourquoi est ce que lorsque l'on tape dans google adieuvoleursdevie on
tombe bien sur le site mais il est écrit en dessous : la description
n'est pas disponible en raison du fichier robots.txt ? \nmerci de votre
aide Sorry, live chat support is only available in English at the
moment. If you email your question to help@wordpress.com, we can
translate it there and help you. :) hello, why when i go to google et
search adieuvoleursdevie, i have my blog but it is writted there is no
description because of robots txt ? is it possible to explain me ? i
dont unterstand where i have to email my question, sorry I see that your
site is brand new, it was registered one month ago It can take a while
for search engines to index your information (six weeks, sometimes!) ah
ok so it's normal to see that ? Sometimes. It can depend on what the
previous content for that domain was, if someone owned it before you
Just a moment, I'll look a little further to see if there's anything
particular I can identify tahnks thanks But the best way to get the
search engines to update their listings is to publish regular posts,
they love that. And I see you're already doing that! :) yes i try to do
it ! I checked your robots.txt file and it looks fine, no problems there
to fix So I think it's just a matter of getting Google's attention to
update their listings I am going to send you some of our tips on SEO by
email, so you can look through them for more ideas so ok thanks a lot
have a good day ! You too :) change SEO settings\n How do I change my
SEO settings? Which SEO settings would you like to change, specifically?
I need help with the SEO I purchased. I can't change the settings. Sure,
I can show you where to go to add some SEO information to your settings
I can also give you some resources by email that will help you develop
your SEO approach using WordPress.com tools. Would you like me to send
that? You can click 'Settings' in your dashboard on the left, and then
'SEO' along the top in your Settings screen, to get here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/nikigaliano.com I also see that you
don't currently have a Business upgrade on that site, so some of the SEO
settings you read about won't be available to you. Could you tell me
what you tried to purchase, that you thought came with that service? You
can see the Business plan features here: https://wordpress.com/pricing/
I've sent you an email with tips! If you have any other questions,
please open up chat and let us know. Hi, I've put my website on public
option, allowing for it to be indexed by search engines and I'm
wondering if there is something I can do for it to be indexed more
quickly. I've verified the address with google search console and
submitted a sitemap (I think!). Anything else I could do? Thank you!
Google Search Console is a great start! And we do submit sitemaps to
google for you Hi! :) Overall, there is nothing much you can do to speed
up this process, other than continually adding new and fresh content But
once your site is indexed, if you continue adding content, it will be
visited more frequently by Google, and your rankings will improve Thank
you! It's a professional academic website so I won't be adding that much
more content (ie it's not a blog :) I know there is probably quite a
range, but is there a timeframe for when it gets indexed at all?
Generally it takes anywhere from 4-6 weeks for a site to initially be
indexed I see, thank you! That's very helpful :) You bet! Thank you! and
Have a great day! Please explain this to me I need to send you a
screenshot to get you to tell me what it is how do I do that? OK. Here
is how you make a screenshot:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/make-a-screenshot/ and you can upload
it to your media files at:
https://anniebungeroth.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php Then I can take
a look ok its there What am I looking for there? I don't see any new
images there screen shot oof a message about sEO payment I don't see it
there, but perhaps you could tell me about this? We don't have any SEO
services here that you would pay for does this coome from Wordpress? No,
this is definitely not from us. Is it a scam then? We do not offer any
additional services. I am not sure, without seeing it. But with
WordPress.com, SEO is built in quite nicely and there is nothing much
that you need to do to improve it its in yhe media library Do you see it
in the media library here:
https://anniebungeroth.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php ? I don't see
it there At any rate, I would not suggest paying anyone for SEO
services. Especially since your site is hosted here with WordPress.com
You do not need additional SEO services for your site here... we are set
up for SEO Here is a great link with some SEO FAQ's:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ Im
assuming its spam no? trveadorfarmdairys media library I see it I am not
sure if this is exactly a scam... but it certainly is not something you
want to pay any attention to Unfortunately, these notices go out all the
time. To get people to pay for unnecessary services I am going to go
ahead and close this chat window. But please feel free to reopen chat if
you have additional questions. My site is not being indexed by search
engines. Message is 'a description is not available due to the site's
robots.'\nWhat do I need to do? Let me take a look. Just a moment! It
looks like you changed your site from private just about a day ago. This
will take some time to update in Google's listings. ok, thanks! :)
You're welcome! If you have any other questions, feel free to open up
another chat. :) Hi, i am using Twenty Sixteen theme for my blog, can i
add Yoast SEO plugin? No, we don't support Yoast on WordPress.com Hello
We have our own SEO tools with the Business plan that are similar You
can access these here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/ Thank you. We
also have some more information about those tools here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ Hello.\nHow can I add
metatags on my website ? Can you tell me a bit more about what specific
meta tags are you looking to add? I'm a piano teacher and the website is
for my school in France. So I would like to add metatags 'piano
teacher\, \piano lesson\, the place where I live Right, we do not
support adding meta keyword tags. It's not recommended by Google either,
and they discourage such practice. What you should be doing instead is
to post content that uses those keywords In a natural way -- not as meta
keywords tag The sentences and phrases that you use in your content like
posts have more importance and Google ranks the site based on that Some
more info here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ What you
set as your Site Title and Tagline can appear as meta title and meta
description of your site, so it's done automatically ok. Do you think I
should use an Google Adwords campain for few months ? For promoting the
site? It's up to you - your call, it does give you quite a bit of reach
and audience ok thank you You're very welcome! Im trying to optimise
with key words -how do I go about this Hi there =)  Hello, Im trying to
optimise my new site with key words. how do i do this In general, what's
recommended is having the keywords appear naturally across your site, in
important places, like Post/Page titles, start of paragraphs etc ok, so
they can be picked up by google that way. have you any other tips to get
the blog out there:) For a few years now, Google and other Search
Engines do not consider keywords added to the metadata, as they were
being used to \game\ the system ah ok so is there any other ways I can
help the blog get started We have two good guides about SEO on
WordPress.com that might be just what you're looking for
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ lovely ah
thank you for your help! You're welcome! If you need any help in the
future; just open the chat again and we will be here for you =) Hello I
have deleted contact by mistake . How do I get this back up:) Hello I
have deleted contact by mistake. How do i get it back\n The contact
page? It looks like the Contact Page is still published, it's just not
showing up on your site. Is it supposed to show up in the menu maybe?
hello Hi, can you see my messages? I have deleted contact in error. How
do i get it back? yes sorry This page still exists, where has it been
removed from that you want to add it back to? yes I deleted it because
my details were showing in it, but i really need it back without my
details in it. Ah, that actually is normal. I need to add it back where
it was originally. At the top of the home page? The contact form only
shows your information because you are logged into your WordPress.com
account. oops! So for example, if someone is logged into their
WordPress.com account and goes to that page, they will see their own
information. If they're not logged into an account it will show up as
blank. ok oh dear The page still exists, so we just need to add it back
to the menu I think. so how do I get it back Are you able to do that I
really appreciate your help Before, was it next to HOME and THE ENDLESS
CUPS OF TEA BLOG! COOKING FOR DAD? Alright, then you can go here:
https://wordpress.com/menus/endlesscupsoftea.blog Once there, click on
the plus icon next to \The Endless Cups of Tea Blog! Cooking for Dad\
Then choose \Add menu item below\ Then you can click on the Contact page
to add it back to the menu. ok I'll try now thank you ve much-that has
worked Awesome! Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
do those questions posted there get sent to my inbox ( the account
registered to WP)? Yes, the contact form submissions will be sent to
amb136@hotmail.co.uk by default. If you want to change that, you can
always go here to edit the contact form's settings:
https://wordpress.com/page/endlesscupsoftea.blog/3 thats great- thank
you for all your help It's been nice chatting with you. If you find that
you need help with anything else, please just let us know :) Hi ...\nI
have enabled for search engines to access one of my sites. It is newly
created and is one of 3 sites in my account.\nI wonder why I can´t find
that site while searching, at for example, Google.\nI want people to
find me if they search for \Lollo Ritrum\, \Rolf Eriksson\ or \R
Eriksson\ ... and similar ...\nWhat can I do ? I'm happy to help. How
old is the site in question? Not old ... a few weeks .. It can take
several weeks before the site becomes fully indexed with Google (and
other) search engines. Let me take a quick look at your settings just to
make sure that is all it is. Sure thing! This is for
https://lollosritrum.wordpress.com, correct? Ok, I would recommend
connecting that site to the Google Search Console at:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/lollosritrum.wordpress.com You can
read about some other tips here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines Ok ... what soes that
mean? does* The Google Search Console is Google's way of verifying that
your site is actively being used, and that they should pay more
attention to the indexing for that site. You will create that using the
HTML (meta) tag from Google, following these instructions:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools Thanks ... I will try
:) Sure thing! If you need any additional help, let us know! can i sav
this chat? A copy will be emailed to you, and it will also save here in
the chat window. You can access it by clicking the little ? icon in the
lower left sidebar area. Hi there. I somehow put a sidebar menu on the
right side of my main page... I would like it gone but can't figure out
how to do that. Please help\n Can you please help me with this? I am
looking - haven't found where it is coming from yet - looks like a child
page widget? ah kk thanks I dont know to be honest I cant find it either
doesnt make sense to me I originally put it there because on phone it
looks so different and there is no menu that comes up there. Only on
desktop. So I added it. But it looks bad on desktop so need another way
to do it You added it as a widget? I am not sure. It looks like a
sidebar. The other pages everything is crammed to the left now I didnt
mean to do that so maybe its in sidebar oh I think it is automatic The
demo has them too, but at the bottom:
https://corporatethemedemo.wordpress.com/docs/ I never used to have it
there.. i wonder if it is in CSS? so it looks like I have to get rid of
my widgets to get rid of that sidebar In css you could add
#child-pages{\n\tdisplay: none;} to hide it but then would that effect
the other pages? I stil need to get rid of hte sidebar on some of hte
other pages.. I just need the sidebar for hte blogs page it would hide
all of the child pages widgets, yes It sounds like you want to hide the
entire sidebar for just this page? for every page but the Blogs page why
not choose the full width, no sidebar page template for those pages? i
tried that and it didnt seem to work let me try again so I do that and
when I preview it, the Menu still shows up for me not sure if you are
able to do it on that end you are more than welcome to try. It should
work Can you actually save it? I don't think previews work too well for
page templates okayh you are right:) the preview didnt work for that
I've got a problem. I created a free blog four months ago, as
osservatoriosalesianoperidirittideiminori.wordpress.com \nThen I bought
a domain as osservatoriosalesianoperidirittideiminori.com, and I removed
old account because they have got the same name. Now I see old free blog
in a better position than my actually site. I need your help please. it
works now thanks I will go fix up the other pages Have a good one cheers
Hi there! I'm happy to help with that. I see you have your new domain on
the existing site. Every site at WordPress.com has a URL like that
(example.wordpress.com) and it doesn't go away when you put a custom
name on it, the custom name is just what appears to your visitors. Do
you mean that the newer one is not doing as well on Google? While we
inform search engines of changes to your site immediately, it can take
them 3 to 4 weeks to index your site. It can also take time for search
engines to list your site near the top of the results, and there is no
simple way to fix this because it is up to search engines.\n\n To
expedite things, I'd recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for
your site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ If you
are interested in increasing traffic to your site, you may also find the
following documents helpful:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/
But if I want cancel the account? Do you mean cancel the domain name? If
I cancel the wrong domain, I'll have only the newst site? I only see the
one site - both domains are on the same site. So if you go to
https://osservatoriosalesianoperidirittideiminori.wordpress.com it is
the same site as osservatoriosalesianoperidirittideiminori.com Ok.. What
do you suggest? If you want the newer domain name to show in results,
you may have to just wait a bit of time. It can take 4-6 weeks for it to
be seen with the new name, and for the new one to be higher than the
old. Ok, I'll wait. Thank you so much! Hi. I changed the feature image
and the description of my 10 habits of a true israeli, I deleted the
cash on my computer, but still... it is not updating when I try to
change the link on Facebook. \n\nThanks,\nNatalie You’re welcome! You
can try the other things in the articles I sent too - they can make the
process faster sometimes :) If you have any additional questions about
this or anything, let me know, or you can find us again at
https://wordpress.com/help Can you give me a few more details what
you're trying to do? Sure. Thanks for the quick response ps. I want to
share the blog post on my facebook but it still shows up with the
original photo of the flower crown and not the food... and the
descrption is not formated correctly ah, I see
http://telaviveet.com/2017/01/09/10-habits-of-a-true-israeli/ so, how
that works is Facebook essentially takes a \Snapshot\ of your page Im
being asked to copy HTML into my home page for verification for Google
search console. Can you please show me how to do this We can't control
what image it will grab. But you can try and force it to take a new
\snapshot\, by following these steps:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/facebook-image-thumbnail/ you can ask
Facebook to \scrape\ your page again ahh ok. I will try ps. if it sticks
with the flower crown image, is there anyway, that at least my head can
be present in the thumbnail When I go to this page, I already see a
Google verification code plugged in:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/studtraining101.com personally, my
\last ditch\ method is to manually upload a specific image as a Facebook
image post and then put the link to my page in the description It's not
quite the same as sharing it directly, but sometimes it's the only way
to get the image I want, how I want it From the Google end it says it is
not recognizing my site I would like to try the HTML and see if that
changes what Google is showing me Ahhh I see... how come it generally
cuts off the full image though from the thumbnail, it is not the first
time it happened to me I *think* it has to do with the ratio of the
image so they can fit it in their little post template thing
Unfortunately the HTML option is not compatible with WordPress.com. Oh,
I think I see the issue. You currently have this: I think the \Chat
Conversation End\ was added by accident. I can remove that. please if
you can Ok, I've removed it. So you can try to verify again in just a
minute or two. okay sounds good fingers crossed I see... so I have to
manually change it Sometimes, yes If you have any further trouble,
please let us know! But that should do the trick :) weird it is still
not verifying. not sure what to do now maybe just takes more teime time
Usually I recommend giving it a few minutes, maybe up to 10. IT works
now yaya Oh awesome! Thanks! You're welcome! I hope you have a great day
:) If you have any other questions, please let us know. Have a great
day! Thanks!! The link really helped you're very welcome By the way. Are
there any hashtags, or actions that I should take, to get my blog more
noticed? Hmm. there's no magic bullet, as it were. but we offer some
advice: https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ generally,
you'll want to pick a few descriptive tags but don't go overboard,
search engines no longer like that so a few would help though.. thanks
:) you're welcome if you need anything else, give us a shout! Good
evening, I've noticed on other themes that I selected there was a icon
at the top that stated SEO. However, I do not see this option available
now. Please advise. Thank you, Can you tell me where have you seen this
icon? at the top beside the word reader Hm, that is not something I've
seen. Can you tell me when did you see this option? I've seen it often.
I never bothered with it because I hadn't read up on it. However, I'm
attempting to add Yoast SEO and that when I noticed I no longer see SEO
at the top. Hm, you won't be able to install Yoast SEO on your
WordPress.com site. explain WordPress.com doesn't allow uploading third
party plugins due to security reasons. Although, our platform is already
very optimized for search engines(and humans). I would suggest some
reading up here https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ ok, thank you
You're most welcome! I would assume this was a 3rd party as the
information I was reading stated they were using word press sorry I
meant to say was not a 3rd party There are basically two versions of
WordPress. The one that you're using is called WordPress.com which is a
hosted service. Another is WordPress.org, which is something you can
download and install on your own server. ok, thanks You're most welcome!
:) appreciate your help Please feel free to come back to us any time you
need help. Have a great day :) Hi. Oh I see. SEO is a set of good
practices that you can follow for the site, so not exactly something
that your site can be added to. We have a good set of articles on SEO
here: https://dailypost.wordpress.com/tag/seo/ Trying to optimize my
SEO. Where do I add catgories and tags?\n Hi there, Categories and tags
on WordPress.com don't impact your SEO - those are for the internal
organisation of your posts so you and your readers can easily search for
posts by topic. For SEO purposes, you need to use key words regarding
your post in the title and the first couple of paragraphs. That's where
search engines will go to look for them. This article will explain it in
a bit more detail: To answer your original question, you add categories
and tags in the post editor when you write/edit a post. There will be a
tab in the menu to the left in the post editor. Is there a way to clone
or copy your website? live one? You can export the content and import it
to a new free site. But that only works for content. For your theme and
customizations, menus, widgets, etc, you'll need to add them manually to
the second site. You can find the import and export options under My
Site ->Settings. How do I access the html header to update meta tags? We
set meta tags automatically based on the title and tagline you set for
your site. If you have the Business Plan, you can also set a meta
description, otherwise we use an automatic excerpt of the content on
your front page. You can learn a bit more on how SEO works on
WordPress.com at these links: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ When you google, \Go Bold
NC,\ our website isn't shown at all on google. Is there any way to fix
this?\n let me pull your account info, I'll be right back thanks! your
site sitemap.xml file seems ok https://goboldnc.com/sitemap.xml hmmm and
I can see your site as the 10th result in Google:
https://cloudup.com/c5AuMo-DifF so, it's going up though you may not see
that in your own searches due to cache and location based results that's
how Google works but in a real life situation, it's appearing in the
results Oh, okay. Thanks! you're welcome :) if you need more help, feel
free to open a new chat window good bye and have a great day! Thanks!
You too. :) I was told a couple of months ago by a staff member that
google analytics wasn't available even on a Business account - but the
information online tells me differently, ie, it is part of the business
package. Can you just confirm that it is? Secondly, the discount offered
at the moment for the Business Plan is only for the first year - is that
so? Finally, if I switch from Premium to Business plan, can I switch
back after one year if I find I don't really need it? My sight is
somabiblia.com. Many thanks! Hi! Google Analytics is compatible with the
Business plan here on WordPress.com. When setting up Google Analytics
you would receive a tracking code, with sites on the Business plan you
will have a place to plug in the tracing code under Settings > SEO.
Greeat! The discount that you are seeing for the Business plan is since
you already have the Premium plan, so there is a discount for upgrading.
Going forward, it would be $299 per year total for the Business plan
including your domain. You can always switch back to a lower plan, you
would just need to contact us here on WordPress.com so we can take care
of that for you. Thank you very much! It says that on the Business Plan
you get more personal service. The service - like at the moment! - is
already quite good, so what is the 'improvement' with the BP? For new
websites with the Business plan we have a business one-on-one service
where we make an appointment and screen-share with you to setup your
site. So this won't really apply to a site that is already setup, for
any issues or questions with an already setup site you would come here
or email us :) That gives me all I need to know now. Thank you! You're
welcome! It's been nice chatting with you. If you find that you need
help with anything else, please just let us know :) Thank you! Yes, it
is this service that is keeping me with Wordpress.com, even though there
are limitations on plugins! So glad I could help :) What is the purpose
of pages on my SEO tools? Hi there! If you mean the SEO settings panel,
we have more information here about the ways you can use the SEO tools
there: https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2016/06/02/seo-settings-panel/ I’m
going to close our chat for now, but feel free to start typing here
again, or if you need us later, get in touch again at
https://wordpress.com/help. well, that didn't answer my question Is
there anything specific that you were wondering about? what is the
purpose of the term ''pages'' on my seo tools? Ah, that section is for
how you'd like your pages' names to appear in the search engine results.
It lets you reorder items such as ‘Site Name’ and ‘Tagline’, and also
add custom separators between the items:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#custom-title-formats Sorry
about the misunderstanding - I thought you were asking about verifying
your pages for SEO :) I’ll be here if you have any questions. so if I
put ''post title'' and '' tagline'' on ''pages in my seo tools, then
google's search engine will see my page title and tagline? That's how
it'll be displayed then on Google - a person searching for your site
will see the result in the listings as Post Title: Tagline what is the
function of archives? Archives are links to your posts by date. It
automatically generates a page like January 2017: Posts that lists all
your posts from January If you add the Archive widget to your site,
someone can click a month or year to see all posts dated then okay, that
answers all of my questions, thank you. Great! You’re welcome. If you
have any additional questions let me know, or you can find us again at
https://wordpress.com/help I think my site is hacked. Can you tell me
more? how can i attouch photo here? You can upload it here
https://wanderelah.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php i can show you on
my google console i made a screen shot using snipping tool i mean photo
of the screenshot i made from google console You can upload the photo
here https://wanderelah.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php i already
uploaded it, did you see it? Let me see. ok let me know what is it about
Your site was not hacked. Those are our standard http headers. theen why
does it say that is redirected to automatic.com/jobs? hey Hellos again!
*Hello is it hacked? why is it redirected? Your site is not hacked. Your
site is also not being redirected anywhere. Those are the http headers
that all sites hosted on WordPress.com have. If you don't understand
http headers, you can leave them alone and not worry about it :) then
why it says redirected when i used fetched as google in webmaster tool?
search console Can you tell me what is the url that you're inputting
into the search console?
https://wanderelah.com/schengen-visa-how-to-apply-tourist-visa-from-denmark-embassy-for-filipino/
It redirects to
https://wanderelah.com/2017/01/17/schengen-visa-how-to-apply-tourist-visa-from-denmark-embassy-for-filipino/
which is the correct url of your post. that's the url It redirects to
the correct url. This doesn't mean that your site has been hacked. what
does this mean then? HTTP/1.1 Moved Permanently\nServer: nginx\nDate:
Wed, 25 2017 03:14:06 GMT\nContent-Type: text/html;
charset=UTF-8\nTransfer-Encoding: chunked\nConnection:
keep-alive\nStrict-Transportation-Security: max-age=86400\nVary:
Cookie\nX-hacker: If you're reading this, you should visit
automatic.com/jobs and apply to join the fun, mention this
header.\nExpires: Wed, 11 Jan 1984 05:00:00 GMT\nCache-Control:
no-cache, must-revalidate, max-age=60\nLocation:
https://wanderelah.com/2017/01/17/schengen-visa-how-to-apply-tourist-visa-from-denmark-embassy-for-filipino/\nX-ac:
1.dfw _bur
https://wanderelah.com/2017/01/17/schengen-visa-how-to-apply-tourist-visa-from-denmark-embassy-for-filipino/
is the correct url of your post You're putting in the wrong url there,
and it's redirecting you to the correct one. It's stile redirected even
if i input correct url It's still* Can you tell me where it is
redirected? read this that's what i get during the fetching And what is
the url that you had put in?
https://wanderelah.com/2017/01/17/schengen-visa-how-to-apply-tourist-visa-from-denmark-embassy-for-filipino/
what does this mean? X-hacker: If you're reading this, you should visit
https://automatic.com/jobs and apply to join the fun, mention this
header. that's where my link is redirected Your link is not redirected
there! then why do i get that message? It's an http header for potential
employees to read. why is there x-hacker? x-hacker message I can assure
you that it is present in all sites hosted on WordPress.com okay and why
is my post not available in google search yet? It takes at least a few
weeks for search engines to pick up new posts. I would suggest reading
this https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ i will Great :)
can you clear my previous post before? just leave the latest Do you mean
you want to delete all old posts? just leave this one don't delete my
last post You only have one post. You can see it at
https://wordpress.com/posts in google it's not updated yet Search
engines have their own schedules for updating things like that. I
haven't heard from you in a while. I'll be closing this chat for now,
but feel free to start a new one whenever you're ready. Have a great day
:) I was wondering how I can change the web address, because when I
search retrodabs on google the main web address is bongbloxdotcom and we
would like to change that but not sure how to set it as retro dabs that
way when people go to search they see retrodabs and bongbloxdotcom. Also
the description does not show or I am not sure how to insert a
description because it says that the website wont allow it. How can I
fix this as well? Checking your settings It looks like your settings are
correct, but the site's privacy was only changed 9 hours ago. It will
take a bit of time for Google to detect the change to the domain since
it was bongblox before, then made private, and now public again. You can
try to speed it up by verifying with Google Search Console:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ We are getting these
\Url blocked by robots.txt.\ warning in our Google webmasters. Please
let us know why all our urls are blocked by robots.txt. While the code
is https://crowdfundinginindia.com/robots.txt\n\nPlease check and fix
this. Thanks. This is from when your site was private 5 days ago Google
might not have refreshed it yet. I think you can request in webmaster
tools that they scrape the site again How long will we have to wait? I
don't know. Google doesn't say We have done that. OK wrote to them
Thanks. were is the site verification settings located? If you have
registered with Google Search Console, you can enter the verification
meta tag here: wordpress.com/settings/seo Hi. I've started my site
today. Congratulations! thanks. but I have a quiestion The privac
settings I changed to public after all the google cannot show my site it
refers to the robot.txt file It takes about 4 weeks for Google to start
listing new sites. If you just set your site to public for the first
time, it may take about that long to update. oh. so the problem is not
in the robot.txt file, is it? No, that's the default message when they
haven't updated all the relevant information. It will update soon. You
can also try connecting your site to Google using Google Webmaster
Tools. Take a look at this guide for more details on how to do that:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ oh. It's a great idea.
I try it. Could you help me if I need ? Sure, if you need help or get
stuck, feel free to open another chat. ok. Thank you so much Not sure if
you have a recommendation, but if yes, kindly suggest someone who's
designing and maintaining websites for small rural companies. Thanks! I
could chat if you prefer... Hi, it's become more than I havetime for...
With WordPress.com, we encourage our users to DIY. So we have lots of
help and support to get our users comfortable with designing their own
sites I'm getting swamped with SEO providers... need a clearer more
experienced head than mine, to use your software effectively... OK. For
SEO, we are all set up for you... so you will not need external SEO
services here. Allow me to link you to some info on SEO and how to
generate more traffic to your site: So... the answer is you have no
recommendations... We don't have a network of designers that we
recommend for our services here because it is a DIY service here Thank
you so much... you bet! Thank you and Have a great day! one link I would
like to recommend before we go is: https://learn.wordpress.com/ This is
very helpful as well :) Hi, would you please help where I find settings
keywords to search my page? Thank you Are you looking to optimize
sixmonthsaway.com for search engines? As in, add keywords so people can
find your site through search engines. Yes exactly Is it possible to do
it in premium version? The important thing with keywords is actually
writing them directly into your posts and pages. That's how it's set up
here - we handle the other technical items already in the back-end to
optimize your site. SEO help. Hi there! How can we help? Hi there... I
want to increase my SEO knowledge and utilize it better... for
tigerlines.com So far I havent done anything...is the best bet to up the
plan for SEO tools? That's completely up to you. Those additional tools
will definitely help. You might start by reading through some of the SEO
focused articles published here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/author/chriswsmith Chris is an SEO
expert at WordPress.com that writes on how to improve your rankings.
okay -- lets say I want to be found when somebody googles 3 to 4
keywords...where in my site or site admin can I place those keywords
That type of information can be connected to individual posts (through
the post excerpts, categories and tags), pages (through tags and
excerpts), or with the more advanced SEO features for sitewide changes,
in the SEO section: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/tigerlines.com
Thanks Ill check it out ok - thanks Hello. My website has just gone
public. When I type the URL into Google, I can access the website but
the following message appears. \A description for this result is not
available because of this site's robots.txt\. What does this mean? Can I
do anything to improve the visibility of the website on Google? It
usually takes around a full month for Google to crawl your site and
recent changes I see your site has a title and tagline, so it should
crawl this info when it fully updates OK. What does the \robots.txt\
message mean? is the file Google uses to crawl your site, along with the
sitemap.xml file, which WordPress.com auto generate so you don't need to
worry about it you can find your here:
https://themarchesbusinessimprovement.blog/sitemap.xml Right oh. I
understand now. Thanks for your help. Bye. have a great day How do I set
up search engine marketing?\n Could you please give me more details
about what you are trying to do? I want to set up my own key word and
place ads on google? words can I manage it on wordpress? it is possible
to do so by following this guide
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ is there a page on wordpress
to set this up, I have seen this page before but it is not simple enough
for me yes, there is a SEO page available on My Site > Settings > SEO
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/ hi there\n need your help Hey! How
can I help you? I have this subscription \ aquatechwaterproofing.ca
reason why I had subscribe I need to get this site number #1 on page on
each keywords I am targeting.. Main keyword is \Basement Waterproofing
Toronto\ Can you help? who am I speaking with? we have some tips about
it here https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/
Just a tips? Are you guys not gonna help technically? we can't edit the
content of your website for you. Because of that we can offer
suggestions about how to improve your content and make it SEO friendly
you dont need to edit content okay... Here is what I need for help...
first off is the main title I need setup Meta Title and Meta Description
those tags are already configured on aquatechwaterproofing.ca so whats
the use have SEO tools since under the SETTINGS> SEO frontpage---still
empty Website meta still empty I can see those info on your website
code, probably you are adding it by using another plugin Dear Wordpress,
\n\nI contact you regarding a question about my website.\n\nI created a
few pages with a picture featured (in order that it appears on the first
page).\n\nHowever, I have one question, do you know if I can choose
which part of the picture appears on the first page ? For example and
Paris by Monuments, the photo is a photo about the Eiffel Tower, however
on the homepage, I can see the eiffel tower as it has been cut.
\n\nThanks for your answer.\n\nBest regards all thumbnails are generated
by resizing and cropping images by their center unfortunately, it is not
possible to change that, but you can try to upload another image with
the subject in a safe area Ok no problem, i will change them and try to
have what i want in the home page :) ! One last question, I would like
to know if I can Insert to images on a same page and put them one next
to the other (on the same line) two images* yes, you can do that by
creating a gallery here is how to do so
https://en.support.wordpress.com/images/gallery/ I'll close this chat
then, but you can start a new one if you need anything else i would like
to know how to boost the website presence search engine I'm happy to
help. Let me take a quick look at your site. I would recommend starting
by connecting your site to the Google Search Console, following the
steps here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools You may
also want to read through the available information here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ One
another question, I wanted to download the yoast Seo plugin for
wordpress. Do you know how I can do that ? Do I have to go on the
company offer or can i do that with the premium offer ? As well as the
information here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/
WordPress.com doesn't currently allow custom plugins, so you aren't
going to be able to install Yoast. Sure thing! We do have excellent SEO
features built in already, though, so you don't need it i go to study Ok
it's only on the wordpress.org program right ? good bye And Does the
company offer on wordpress.com offer some good Seo plugin ? Yes. Custom
plugins are only on self-hosted .org sites. WordPress.com automatically
handles most of the stuff that a good SEO plugin would do. It
automatically generates the XML files google needs to index your site
and the metadata that provides social sites and search engines the
correct information Ok If you want to read more about it, we have an
excellent article:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ The SEO
plugin question is the first Myth on there :) Ok Thanks, And what the
SEO plugin offered by wordpress on the company offer ? Ah ok, to have
all those funcionalities I need to be on the company offer and not on
the premium one right ? If you want to customize your SEO titles, yes
you have to be on Business plan, but every other SEO thing is
automatically handled at every plan. For example, you have a sitemap.xml
file automatically made that Google uses to see where all of your
content is: https://blog.apartinparis.com/sitemap.xml Ok thanks for your
help No problem. If you need any additional help, feel free to start a
new chat! 1. Can WP help me better optimize my site? If so, cost?\n2. I
have added a follow the blog button to my site, and know that I have at
least 4 followers to date, but the stats you provide do not show those.
What am I missing? There are a few things you can do to optimize your
site... but overall SEO is taken care of by WordPress.com most of the
heavy lifting is already done But here is some help with it: With your
followers, you can actually view that by going to : My Site -> People on
the right, you can see your followers and email followers Ok. Thanks. I
found that. Thanks a lot. I'll check out the link you gave me this
evening. I appreciate your help. Perfect! Thank you! RBTY verify Google
Suite with HTML Meta Tag You can paste that meta tag here:
wordpress.com/settings/seo Thank you! Hello! I've created a new website
yesterday and noticed something weird when googling it. Google doesn't
display the right title and content, but only the drafts: \Title\
followed by \This is your first article, etc...\. I wondered if I forgot
to set something up, if it was dysfunctioning or if the settings simply
needed time to be correctly implemented... If you want to check, type
bunnysden.com on the search bar.\nThank you very much for your help.
This site: https://bunnysden.com/ ? Yes :) one sec I took a look (in
Google) and I do see what you are saying... for now, though you are set
up correctly (with your site title) so it will simply take some time for
Google to update on this I wanted to make sure you were correctly set
up, which you are :) Okay, thank you very much :) thank you and have a
great day :) You too! Visibility on google I need help how do I make it
more visible with someone google's things listed on her site I have some
resources to help you https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ I am confused is blogs
the only thing that will show up in google for word press sites That is
not true. All and any relevant content from your site will show up. my
wife does Disney gift baskets how does she go about hers showing up
closer to the top when you search for Disney gift basket websites on
google Search engines are complicated, which is why I have recommended
the reading material. It is not going to be a simple, one-step process.
Just checking, are you still there? can you tag your webpages like your
home page Some themes do support tagging pages. Most do not. but my
wifes blogs are tagged is there anything else with her theme she can do
to get more tags on her regular pages without changing themes Can you
tell me why you need tags on your pages? to hopefully increase
visibility on google I mean example we google Disney giftbasket delivery
and her competition shows up(Not Disney) but why doesn't hers Google
will read all of your content, and just adding tags will not make it
improve visibility of your content. Have you gone through the resources
that I shared? why does her competition show up on top of the searches
and hers doesn't at all and she has linked it with google I'm afraid I
cannot answer that for you, as search engines are complicated systems,
and have their own, secret algorithms. If you go to this page
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/\nand look for the
heading \Why isn’t my blog in Google?\, you'll have your answer. my wife
would like to know why she is paying for wordpress which was suppose to
help with thses issues according to her referral sources is there a
supervisor we can talk to if your unable to answer the questions
WordPress itself is very optimized for creating search engine friendly
content, but it all depends on the content that you're creating. There
is no magical way, it is a slow and gradual process, and takes a lot of
work. then what is wrong with her website then why is it not working
with wordpress If you go through all the resources that I've shared,
you'll have a much better understanding of the specifics of search
engines. I would like to speak to a supervisor We are a flat company,
and there are no supervisor, but I can transfer you to another Happiness
Engineer. is the center your in the United States or outside of my wife
is wanting to know We're distributed in 200 cities in around 70
countries around the world. I know about wordpress site limitations I
have become very disappointed moreso as I am a computer programmer and
have attempted to make simple changes to the code and your system will
not allow me too Can I have someone within the United States contact me
if they are not in the office now Please note that WordPress.com is a
hosted platform, and access to code is not available(just like any other
hosted service). If you need access to the code, the appropriate thing
would be to self-host an instance of WordPress.org no that is not what I
am talking about now, I would like to be contacted by a supervisor in
the United States As I mentioned, we have no supervisors, but I will ask
another Happiness Engineer to contact you. who is in charge We are all
in charge, as ours is a very flat company. where is word press is owned
out of what country We're registered in 5 different countries. we are
totally disatified with your services and we are trying to resolve this
issue where did it start my wife is trying to resolve this calmly but it
is not attaching to her business like it should example how does the
site www.mousetoyourhouse.com always show up on google searches If you
do not think that WordPress.com is for you, then you're completely free
to move to a self-hosted WordPress.org site. Since you're a computer
programmer, you'll be much more comfortable when you have access to all
the code there. that is not my point she wants to resolve this with word
press and does not want to leave Appearing on search engines takes a lot
of work, and is not an instant process. Please understand that no
software is going to be able to magically bring your site up on search
engines. but why do they show up and we don't that is your responsiblity
that is what we are paying for It is not our responsibility, it is the
responsibility of the person writing the content. my wife started this
and I jumped in to her her You're paying us for using our services, like
hosting and a domain name. then what is wrong with our content If you're
not familiar with the nuances of search engines, I would suggest hiring
an SEO expert, who will be able to tell you much more about this. I just
want to be contacted by a manager I will ask another Happiness Engineer
to contact you. good thank you Please feel free to reach out to us any
time. Have a great evening :) Thank you because I am not happy. This is
Beth now, I relieved my husband from chatting. I can assure you that
bringing your site up on Google is not something that we can do, and any
other Happiness Engineer will tell you the same thing. Can you tell me
when my contract is up with Wordpress? Your plan's expiry is on March 28
And please do not be condescending with me about any of this. I am
computer savvy and you were recommended highly to be used by a major
company using your site. I cannot wait to tell them why I can't be seen
on search engines like my competition is. You are killing me currently
in sales. I don't want to leave wordpress but I might not have a choice
given that no one is willing to tell me what is wrong since it was said
you are compatible with all search engines. I apologize if I came off as
condescending, but I can assure you that was not my intention. I'm just
stating a fact when I say that search engines are complex things, and it
is not up to us to bring your site up in search results. I promise, I am
not being snarky, just extremely upset because I did everything I could
and am told so many things by \happiness engineers\ that nothing is
working still. Can you answer this? If I paid more money to be a
business site with you, would that make a difference? The business plan
gives you access to more advanced settings for seo, but it is not a
magical pill. I would strongly suggest talking to an SEO expert about
this, as they would be able to pin-point more concrete things about your
content, and how your site is set up. But this is a start company and I
don't have those funds unfortunately. I cannot afford to higher anyone
at this time. Thank you for your time. I don't want to waste anymore of
it. I am going to look for other options, including a good friend and
family member who just started at Google. I appreciate your time very
much. I will use our friends to find out who to contact at Wordpress
directly for additional answers because I paid to much not to have this
seen on the search engines and my wording is the same as my competitor.
The first thing I would suggest is setting up Google search console. It
is one of the links that I shared. sorry - spellcheck changed h I r e )
I already did that I already connected with google a couple of months
ago You might need to re-verify your site there. Also, a good way would
be to set up a Pinterest account, and verify with them. I will do it
again but if it is still not showing up I need to place blame with
wordpress I have a pinterest and Instagram and facebook and twitter with
this website.
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/fairytalepersonalshopper.com I love
this website but very frustrated Here you can add the verification code
from Pinterest. Okay I will do that. If you go to
https://wordpress.com/sharing/buttons/fairytalepersonalshopper.com and
use the option 'Official buttons', it will switch on the 'Pin it' button
on your images. Okay I will do that. Apart from this, sharing(and
repeat-sharing) content on social networks will help. You can use a tool
like Tweetdeck to schedule automatically sharing your links to Twitter
multiple times during a month or two. Facebook also has a scheduling
feature built in. Thank you! I didn't know what tool did this but I will
do that. I already use the facebook option, plus I was trying to blog
here and post on the facebook page daily. I would personally suggest
making Facebook an alternate day thing. It helps keep one post on top of
your page for more than a day, which apparently helps. Family and
friends have been sharing the site as well. Also, making a collection on
Google+, and sharing into other people's collection is very helpful.
Okay I can do that as well since signing up with Google+ Okay, I will
work on all of these right now. I really appreciate your help. Like I
said, I LOVE my site, but I just need to be searchable because I am
losing money daily. :) Thank you for your time. Please send me a warning
that I will be in contact soon LOL!!!!!!!! I have 2 months to make some
money to be viable. :) Have a great evening! All the best with your site
:) Please feel free to come back to us any time. Have a great evening :)
Oh I will...my name will be mud for the 2 months there and you will be
passing off the PICNIC (Problem in chair not in computer ;) ) :D
Goodnight! Have a good night :) I've set up a blog, but ended up with
non-functional bits (eg. an \About\ page) that come up when a Google
search is made for my domain name. Hi there! It comes with a few pages
by default, but you can remove them. Let me take a look. Looks like
you've successfully deleted the About page, though you might still want
to remove it from the menu. You can do that here:
https://wordpress.com/menus/ Any changes might not be reflected in
Google's cache right away, but it usually catches up fairly quickly.
Unrelatedly, that Lincoln book looks interesting! I'm adding it to my
reading list. :) Thanks. There's still some other pages Google brings up
that I can't see how to delete. What are they? Oh, I think I see them on
Google. Like \First blog post\ and \Blog post title\? There's a couple
of \Blog Post title\ pages Hmm okay. I'm looking to see if there's any
way to ask Google to clear that cache. You could try putting them in
here: https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/removals If you don't do
anything, those results will get deleted sooner or later (depending on
when Google looks for them again). Thanks for your help. I haven't had
any joy on the google removals page, so I''ll just leave them for now.
You're welcome! Google will probably figure it out eventually. Writing
more posts might hasten the Google Bot's return :) Trying to install All
In One SEO Plugin Am I restricted from installing this plugin?
WordPress.com does not allow 3rd party plugins to be installed. We have
a pre-installed feature set to allow you to do a lot of cool things on
WordPress.com For SEO, we have pretty good SEO by default If you want
extra SEO options you need to be on the Business plan If you
particularly want that plugin you will need a self-managed
(WordPress.org) website.\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
I'm stuck with what I have at the premium level? For the SEO options,
yes Is there a link you can provide for tips on optimizing at my current
level? Sure We have a few articles
here:\nhttp://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ I'm not sure if they mention
it, but you can use excerpts to customize your post and page meta
descriptions (grey text in Google)
http://en.support.wordpress.com/excerpts/ Thanks for the tip! And also
you might want to sign up for Google Search Console:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Hi, \nauf der Webseite
ist die Sitemap nicht mehr aktuell - siehe:
https://seiler-unityp.com/sitemap.xml\n\nWie kann man sie aktualisieren
(manuell), oder passiert das automatisch? wenn ja, wann?\n Hi! How are
you doing? I'm cool. the sitemap (cf:
https://seiler-unityp.com/sitemap.xml) is no longer uptodate. how can I
change this? let me see that let me clear the page cache ah, your site
is private, the sitemap is not available then I thought I have to fix
the sitemap before I make it public. We'll it be updated (the sitemap)
once it's made public? yes, it will be :) It is done by the system, so
no need to worry about it Ok. That's great. Thanks and have a nice
week-end. Cheers. Schema.org\n Good thanks. Ive been researching
Schema.org code. Is this compatible with WP sites? Let me check I am
afraid that we do not support that feature at the moment but I will
submit your request for this feature Thats ridiculous? Is simple coding
that benefits the user. its almost unacceptable that you do not support
this. Google is finding it very hard to display my site in search. let
me have a look at your site it need to be dfar more discoverable The
following links include information about SEO on WordPress that you
might find interesting:\n\nHow to Publish Posts that Search Engines Will
Love':\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n\nSEO
and your
blog:\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nAll
about SEO on WordPress.com:
\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
cheers] Have a look and if you have questions don't hesitate! If you
have more questions do not hesitate to start a new chat. Have a nice
day! attuneyourselftoreikithecosmologyway.wordpress.com I will try and
be descriptive as possible… thank you for your patience with me… I am
the author of this book /domain title.. I am getting killed on google by
others who have pinched my idea… \n1.. how can I get higher on google
search. engine..\n\n2… i would like to put some call to action buttons
on my website if possible…\n\n3… i thank you for your help, patience,
and assistance… to make this the best website i can make… thank you john
campbell Hi John, please email me johnjcampbell1@yahoo.co.uk is that ok
Sure thing! I'll email you in a bit with some information about SEO and
call to action buttons :) Hope you have a lovely day! thank you i wish
you all the best..thank you for your care and assistance My pleasure :)
https://www.udemy.com/reikicourse/?utm_medium=udemyads_clickid=7794a3b7-a4e8-45ae-9f46-8cbd78d97bc3_408_GOOGLE_NEW-AW-PROS-NONP-PerDev-Reiki-Broad-EN-ENG_._ci_59527_._sl_ENG_._vi_NONP_._sd__._la_EN_.__learn%20reiki_learn%20reiki_b_171421403009_c=b_campaign=NEW-AW-PROS-NONP-PerDev-Reiki-Broad-EN-ENG_._ci_59527_._sl_ENG_._vi_NONP_._sd__._la_EN_.__content=_._ag_learn%20reiki_._ad_171421403009_._de_c_._dm__._lo_9046563_._=Cj0KEQiA_KvEBRCtzNil4-KR-LIBEiQAmgekF6itmagwYZSn7o-9KW1BpQQUuTP3Y1MoAsRFv4RprqgaAofE8P8HAQ_source=adwords_term=_._pl__._pd__._ti_kwd-75956191_._kw_learn%20reiki_._=2a5dbd55-3f2d-45dd-8db4-a2c14b9c111f
i sorry about such a long script.. this site is killing me.. how can i
make one similar.. with all necessary plugins.. thank you.. i wore this
book over 16 years ago and getting killed by poachers… this is my idea..
they are just using my idea to make themselves money.. i want to make a
site that will last the test of time… thank you please email
johnjcampbell1@yahoo.co.uk Sorry didn't quite get you --are you able to
create the site same as the link you sent? You can look at the layouts
we support here: wordpress.com/themes And choose the one you like hi is
there a way i can get necessary plugiuns to make a similar site to the
one i sent you which on is similar to the one they use.. Uploading
custom plugins is not possible for sites hosted at WordPress.com --
instead we try and make most of the features available in our existing
setup. If you're looking for something specific, I can help you guide on
how it can be done or if we support it which theme are they using please
or near enough to the one they are using… please email me if you can
help me… i have to go i have a client soon.. sorry They are not using
WordPress they have their own custom developed website wow they are just
better at making websites.. pinching other people stuff.. which one can
you suggest to compete with these slime balls or please send me an email
with enough details to make the site i am making compete with them…
thank you.. I think you can make your website here, add your content --
but then the important step is to promote your site It can be done by
adding links to your social media sites, then even going the way of paid
advertisements on Facebook or Google ok thank you i need high listing on
google with my website.. metatags is this possible What Google ranks
your site is based on quality of its content, how unique it is, and if
it's popular on the internet We have added some tips here on how you can
achieve it:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ But this
process isn't immediate, can take a few months to see some results of
hard work ok i didn't know that.. i will get it the best website out
there..thank you Hi, i just wanted to make sure that i can fill a meta
description per article with the current plan i have I'm afraid not. And
that won't be possible no matter which plan you have. Let me confirm
this info for you, please. Just a moment. Oh, no, you can do that,
sorry. But you need a Business Plan. This support page explains what you
can do with our SEO tools: it's only available with the business plan ?
Yes, that's correct. In your plan you can verify your site with the main
search mechanisms but that's it. However, WordPress is already optimized
for it. These are extra features. They help you improve your site
ranking alright, thanks for the info but they aren't essencial. Is there
anything else I can help you with? it's ok thanks If you need any
additional help, feel free to start a new chat!\n I'm confused about the
connection of my site to the google search engine Could I speak with
someone about this? Is there customer support phone support for my
account? we don't offer phone support, but I'm here to help you :-) it
is possible to verify your website on Google by following this guide
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Thank you. Here is the
issue. I am currently directing people to my blog site directly via the
URL bar at www.jeffreyctucker.com. However, when I do a search for
Jeffrey C Tucker, blogger, it lands on a set-up page for me with no
content. That certainly doesn't maximize readership via a general search
for me. So it gets readers to Wordpress, but not to my content. Will be
a real 'turn off' for them, I'm afraid. Not sure what the problem is.
Quite confusing, actually. https://jeffreyctucker.com/ seems to be
working properly on my end Could you please send me a screenshot of how
it is displayed for you? please, upload the screenshot to your website
media library https://jeffreyctucker.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php
Sorry, had to take a call OK Let me know when you upload the screenshot
Sorry, I closed the chat by mistake a few minutes ago.\n\nHello,\n I
have installed a site for our holiday appartment beginning of January.
https://hausknabenkrautsechs.wordpress.com/ We have just renovated the
appartement and wanted to promote it and thought people are interrested
if they see the site and like to rent it. But this is the problem. You
can get it searched via google. The link itself works, but no finding by
a searching machine is possible. And that is very important to make it
public. With google doesen´t work, with yahoo doesn´t work and with
other neither. May I have marked some setting wrong. Could you give me a
hint please? I would be very grateful if you let me know how can I solve
the problem. Many thanks and greatings from Munich, Hartmut hi there!
This is a live chat tool and we're here now to help you. We don't
control when Google or other search engines will index your site to
display it in their search results, but WordPress will tell it when you
create and whenever you update your site with new content. Google may
take more than weeks to index it. However, they have a tool that
promises to speed up this process here:
https://www.google.com/webmasters/#?modal_active=none I'm also sending
you a support page about search engines that will help you understand
how it works: Thank you so much. I will have a look how it works. Have a
nice weekend. Thanks, you too! :) How do I edit the html of my site? You
can adjust the HTML on your pages and posts of your site, when you are
editing a page or post, you click on the HTML tab (next to the Visual
tab) on the top right corner of the content area I'm trying to paste the
following code into the header of my site: \n
(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){\n
(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new
Date();a=s.createElement(o),\n
m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)\n
})(window,document,'script','https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');\n\n
ga('create', 'UA-54712755-1', 'auto');\n ga('send', 'pageview');\n\n
Google Analytics can be connected with our Business Plans. But cannot be
added manually. With the Business Plan, there is an option to connect
it. You can view our plans at: https://wordpress.com/plans/ Where can I
find the meta tags for my site? We aren't set up in that way here... You
can add tags to your pages and posts directly by clicking the
\categories and tags\ tab on the left menu But here is some general SEO
help with us: Hello I seem to have a problem with my site. There is
absolutely no activity today if I go on my dashboard. Do you know if
there is a problem with the domain or SEO? I meant under the stats tab
Let me take a look. How long ago did you change the name servers on your
domain to map to your WordPress.com site? the 25th? The domain mapping
is working correctly right now, so that should not be impacting your
site's stats. The stats, however, can be a few hours behind. So that may
be impacting the stats you are seeing currently. Probably but It is just
very unusual with no activity. Would I need a plugin feature to target
certain area in my city? Here on WordPress.com, we don't have the option
of adding plugins to the sites. However, usually the best way to target
specific locations is through Search Engine Optimization and the use of
search engine marketing. is that at the professional plan? You can
optimize your site for search engines at the plan you currently have. We
have some guides linked here that you may want to take a look at:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Some users make use of Google
AdWords and similar programs too, this will help you market your site to
certain demographics and areas on Google and other search engines. I
will try the site you provided. thank you for your time I will. Thank
you Thank you for letting me know that I would have to upgrade in order
to get Google Analytics for this blog. Once I do this are the Google
Analytics automatically started without me having to do anything other
than upgrading? Or do I then have to purchase an additional plugin or
have to paste code onto the blog? Please let me know exactly what will
have to be done once I upgrade to a Business Plan in order for me to
access the Google Analytics. Thanks so much. Once you upgrade to our
Business plan, you will have an option under Analytics to add a Google
Analytics tracking code. So you would need to setup a Google Analytics
account for your site and get the tracking code to plug in. It's been
nice chatting with you. If you find that you need help with anything
else, please just let us know! Thank you. I appreciate your help! You're
welcome! Have a great weekend :) I have 5 questions about SEO function.
\nIs it better to do the 160 character in the SEO setting tool or on the
individual pages? \nIs the Front Page Meta the same thing as if I did it
on my home page (I think it is)?\nIn the SEO on the Page Title Structure
there is a tag section. I understand the site title and tagline. What is
the Tag or Category Name mean? Is that where I would put tags like dream
interpretation, dream analysis…\nFor the Slug (URL) would you recommend
taking out the dashes?\nLastly, underneath the slug (under SEO) there is
something called Excerpt. What is that and is it really necessary? \n\n
Hi Pamela What the SEO options do, is add \meta\ information to your
site it lets you structure the format of certain pieces of information
about your blog like whether you want the site title to come first, or a
tagline, etc. So that when your site comes up in a search engine, it's
more likely to show up like you specify in the SEO area in the same way,
an excerpt is essentially where you can add a summary of a page does
that make more sense? So, for example, if you added a front page meta
description Google would use that information when it lists your site
instead of randomly grabbing text from the page itself Okay so for the
other pages should I use the SEO option on each individual page instead
of the SEO setting pages? That should be the setting tab It's really a
matter of personal preference we explain SEO in more detail here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ but
Search Engines are actually really good at determining context these
days SEO can definitely help, but it won't be a magic bullet for traffic
I may have looked at that blog, there were several. I got that I can set
it in either the SEO setting or page - like you give two options in
other things. But In the SEO on the Page Title Structure there is a tag
section. I understand the site title and tagline. What is the Tag or
Category Name mean? Is that where I would put tags like dream
interpretation, dream analysis… You can insert your own text, you can
arrange how the content it pulls from the page will be displayed It all
depends on your needs Essentially, your content is by far the most
important element SEO is like that extra leg up So each little bit
helps, but there's not really a wrong answer in terms of whether you do
it per page, or just use the meta description area That's my confusion,
there was a time when you would 7 tags in addition to the description.
Tags can help, but I wouldn't recommend more than a handful like under 5
People started spamming search engines with dozens and dozens of tags so
they don't reward lots of tags any longer Okay so where would the tags
go? Would it be In the SEO on the Page Title Structure there is a tag
section your tags are the ones you add to each page if you really wanted
a single tag to show up on every page, you could use the SEO area in the
settings that's kind of what it means by structure Google pulls
information from your page the SEO settings area lets you choose how
it's structured like, if you prefer, Site Title, then the Subtitle, then
a description etc. It is becoming clearer, so here are my last two
questions (again) For the Slug (URL) would you recommend taking out the
dashes?\nLastly, underneath the slug (under SEO) there is something
called Excerpt. What is that and is it really necessary? \n An excerpt
is a summary of a page or a post it's only necessary if you want that
excerpt to be used on sites that allow it like a search engine or a
social network in regard to the slug, it's more important to make sure
the slugs are clear and concise, the dashes won't really matter
Essentially, none of those settings are required, and our \out of the
box\ SEO is pretty good but, if you want that extra bit of control
that's what those settings are for there's not really a wrong choice So
what's the difference between descriptions on the SEO and excerpt? an
excerpt is a summary like \This page is about my business.\ Okay, so
what would the description be? whatever you like I'm not trying to be
obtuse, but it is genuinely up to each person's tastes there's no
correct answer if you want to include a summary of a page, you can add
one if you don't think one is necessary you don't have to Your content,
titles, tags, that's 98% of the real work SEO is for people who want to
tweak that last 2% Got it! There was one time I did a site and there
were lots of rules on how to do it. So it seems today it's more loosey,
goosey. Thank you for answering my questions and patience. If your boss
reads this, tell them to give you a raise! Thank you so much and enjoy
your weekend! you're very welcome, and if you need anything else, please
don't hesitate to ask and you too! I want to include featured contents
on my post. Can the Rosalie theme do it? please help! Hi there! Can you
please explain a bit more about what you mean by featured content? I
wanted to add images with links on my post, just like every fashion
bloggers. Okay. Do you know how to add an image to a post? Great! And do
you know how to add links? Cool. So if you click on the image, you can
then click the paperclip to add a link and use that to put in the link
you want people to go to when they click your image. I know how to do
that. I want my readers to be able to scroll through those images To add
numerous images in a row that readers would scroll through, you would
want to create a gallery. Galleries and Slideshows -
http://en.support.wordpress.com/images/gallery/ I'm going to close this
chat since I haven't heard from you in a while, but if you have any
other questions, please feel free to let us know :) ok thanks I also
want to verify my website on google and bing how can I do it You an do
that from https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/ We actually have a support
page on that :) It's a great resource with explanations and steps on how
to go about doing this. Images - http://en.support.wordpress.com/images/
If you have any other questions, please feel free to let us know :)
thank you, for your help You are very welcome. Happy Blogging! Existe
alguna forma de mejorar un poco el tema de SEO que no sea necesariamente
cambiando al plan Business? Hello! Currently we only offer support for
WordPress.com in English, but I will do my best to assist you with
https://translate.google.com. WordPress.com handles most of your SEO
needs (creating an XML sitemap, creating readable-format text, etc), but
there is more that you can do to improve your results. You'll find some
tips here:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ You can also use
webmaster tools to check your site for areas to improve:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools Help. I signed up with
wordpress in september and kind of gave up on it. I am trying to get
started again and started a tutorial on justagirland her blog. She said
to register with hover and siteground. I have tried and they say my
domain name isn't available, but I thought I purchased it with the $99
premium package. Help! Your domain isn't available to register because
you still own it, but you can transfer it if you like:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/domains/transfer-domain-registration/
Otra cosa yo compre el plan personal que tiene dominio propio, pero ya
habia pagado el pna anula de dominio, eso se reembolsa? explain? I am so
confused. You already own your domain, so you don't need to register it
again I'm guessing that tutorial is assuming you don't already have a
domain so I don't need hover? Nope! unless you want to You can
\transfer\ the domain to another company if you like then, you'd manage
it and renew it there I see you paid $18 for the domain, then $15.88 for
the Personal. That was discounted to $15.88 from the normal price of
$35.88, because you already had the domain. :) di I need siteground? It
depends, Site Ground is a host Currently, we're your host So you could
build your site here but if you prefer to try somewhere else, then you
could choose a company like Site Ground bye ok... i did, Bye! Have a
good day :) what am I doing wrong? What would you like to do? I'm happy
to help First, I need to cancel hover. right? if you're happy with your
domain https://justseedsblog.com/, then you won't need a different
registrar I want to blog, . When people tried to follow it it became a
hassle, asking them to take a lot of steps in order to read it. How do I
get a blog that can be easily found? to follow your blog, they can click
the \follow\ button how do they find it? They can search for your site,
or you can give them the URL If you use tags, it's also possible for
other WP.com users to find your site through shared interests I don't
show up in a search. I don't even know what a tag is... yep, shouldn't
even be doing this... Search engines rank sites in a lot of ways.
Traffic. Content. Country of origin. Tags are a way of \tagging\ posts
with a subject like if you were writing about travel, you'd tag it
\travel\ https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/ I shall attempt.
So let me clarify... I have done everything I need to to start my blog?
My site is justseedsblog.com, and I own that name... right? yup! exactly
Why did the tutorial tell me to use wordpress and register with hover
and site ground? There's two types of WordPress WordPress.com, that's
us. and the open-source software WordPress.org Generally, people use
WordPress.com if they don't want to worry too much about customizing,
and want to get started ASAP WordPress.org is for more technical users
that want to customize their site to a greater degree Stupid
question...what am I? WordPress.com We offer support, host the site,
register your domain provide themes, the works With a WordPress.org site
on Site Ground, you'd generally do that yourself, separately ok. I need
you to help me get going. I need to cancel Hover real quick. where do we
start? What would you like to do first? write a post? fix my site What
would you like to fix? does it work? Is it what it is suppose to be/
hang on a minute... Sure. Your site is here: https://justseedsblog.com/
and your blog posts are on the front page is it ok? In what way? is it
good to go? I post, people can read? if you have a social media account
like Facebook, you can even connect it: https://wordpress.com/sharing/
no hassle trying to log on, blah blah If someone wants to follow your
blog, they can click follow if they have an account, it follows I don't
have Facebook. how should I spread the word? if they don't, they enter
their email Social media is a good way to share it with people in your
social circles thats it? if you'd like to do more, we recommend some
steps: https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/
your site is already visible on search engines so that step is done
perfect. I will watch this and get going... yikes. great! if you have
any questions, just ask Happy Sunday, WP: Does the hit counter show the
number of hits for all time or is it updated every so often? Hi there!
Happy Sunday to you too, thanks! The hit counter should be for 'all
time' but only since you added it to the page, I believe. I don't think
it pulls in older stats from before when it was added to your page, but
I may be wrong. What page is yours on? I have it as a widget on
49thparallalpost. Thanks! It looks like your all-time visits to your
site is the same as the counter currently: 3,918 There may be a bit of a
lag in the counter, as it updates from your stats That is such a low
number, I was hoping it would be based on weekly or something. How else
can I show traffic. I get visitors from several countries. Sure, so we
have a few resources to help with that. WordPress.com handles most of
your SEO needs (creating an XML sitemap, creating readable format text,
etc), but there is more that you can do to improve your results. You'll
find some tips here:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ To
expedite things, I'd also recommend you set up Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ If you aren't
already, using categories and tags will help others find you in the
Reader as well: https://en.support.wordpress.com/topics/ My problem is I
don't know what half those terms mean, but I'll struggle on. Thanks. It
can get discouraging, however. Sure! It's a bit of a learning curve, but
most of that is at a beginner level. Anytime you have questions, don't
hesitate to ask :) Thanks. I'll check those links you mentioned. Enjoy
the rest of the day. Over and out. You’re welcome! Same to you, thanks!
How do I upload a file to my site What type of file are you looking to
upload? sorry I reloaded and lost the chat. I am trying to upload an
HTML file from google for the SEO Rather than use the HTML file, we
actually ask that you use the Meta tag, which can be uploaded at:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo You can find step-by-step
instructions on how to get that tag here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools Thank You Hi, Is it
possible to add an SEO component to the dashboard? Hi Sarah! It's not
possible to upload plugins to WordPress.com for security
reasons.\nHowever, we already have the most popular features people want
when they install plugins.\n SEO settings are part of the Business Plan,
though. In your Plan, Premium, you can verify your site with search
mechanisms via the SEO settings page here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo Sarah? Do you still need help? Hi
sorry about that do you need more help? No that's great, I will read
through the document you sent. Thanks! If you need any additional help,
feel free to start a new chat!\n We'll be glad to help! :) hello\n How
can I help you today? I would like to be more google search friendly my
site so I made a page speed test it suggests to remove this javascript
because it obstacle appereance https://r-login.wordpress.com/…9=https%3A%2F%2Fgyetvancsaba.com%2F
Ok, I see. There isn't a way of you removing that because we don't
provide access to your site's source code and also because that code is
needed. WordPress.com sites are already optimized for Search engines,
though. One way to improve it, is by verifying it with search engines
Have you already done that? It can be done via the SEO settings page
here: how to? You'll need first to go to the Search Engine developer
tool ok, and here? and then you'll get a code from them you'll need to
provide in that settings page I sent the link above. The code is called
a meta tag something went wrong Ok, could you tell me what you did and
what went wrong? I was directed to a page something google page there I
downloaded a file Ok, this isn't the right process. You need to go to
this page here: start an account or login if you already gave one and
then you'll provide your site's domain. It'll give you a file to
download or a in the same place if you click the other existent tab,
it'll provide you a metatag That's the one you need to grab. It'll look
like something like this: this google91eb144160d0724e.html Ok, in the
same page where you get that html there must be a Tab saying something
like metatag first I have to verify that Im the owner of this site I
have to download a file then I have to upload this Yes, you need to
verify it but not via this html file but via this meta tag I mentioned
google-site-verification: google91eb144160d0724e.html I have to upload
this to my site but I don't know how You can't. You need to choose the
alternative method of verifying your site In the same place where you
got that html, there's an option. Let me see if I can grab a
sscreenshot. ok I chose alternative way now new difficulties how can I
send you a screenshot? You'll need to upload it to your Media Library
here: https://gyetvancsaba.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php but in
alternative way there is no need to upload there is only an adress what
I have to copy and then inser Here it is:
https://cloudup.com/cmxtRFLm0t8 This scrceenshot shows you which
alternative method you need to choose. Yes I chose this but then? Then
you need to copy the tag it provides it looks like something like this:
it writes copy to clipboard this meta tag and fill it to the main page
of your browser ok but what to do with thisM Ok, click on this copy to
clipboard Then go here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/ Look for the
Site Verification Services area then paste it inside the Google field
there ahh ok and then? save? Then you go back to Google Tool and click
on verify Did it work? what means work in this case? how do I know it is
working? If you went back to Google site and clicked the verify button
there and it returned a message saying your site is verified. Nel mio
piano Personal è possibile inserire un plugin di sitemap? come faccio a
inserire un plugin Our support is in English but I am happy to help, I
will try with Google Translate how do I insert a sitemap plugin on my
site? Is it for search engines? Your site comes with a sitemap for
search engines :) you can see more information about it here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/#xml-sitemaps-for-search-engines
You seem to be busy, I will close this chat window for now but feel free
to start a new chat if you have more questions. Have a nice day! what is
SEO and how can I be found on google do i need to upgrade to the next
plan, premium You do not need to upgrade further, no Your site is only 3
weeks old - new sites take up to 4-6 weeks sometimes to be listed Here
is a guide to SEO here at WordPress.com:
http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ Give that
a read and let me know if you still have questions Hi , How can i make
my website searchable in google search? It should be by default, but it
can take a few weeks for a new site to come up I'll check your settings
and make sure all is right ok thanks Yes, all is ready for your site to
be indexed by Google. The only thing you can do to speed up being listed
is verify your site in Google Search Console. The directions for that
are here: http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ i have tried
this but i am getting a message Verification failed for
https://artist-heaven.com/ using the HTML file method (Less than a
minute ago). Your verification file was not found. We weren't able to
verify your property: https://artist-heaven.com/ from google console You
need to use the HTML Tag method rather than HTML file Please let me know
if my redirect is working properly. I would also like to change my url
as well. Taking a look Did you copy and paste the text from somewhere,
like a word processor? Sorry, wrong message This is an original message.
I mean the permalink. Yes, your site creation827.wordpress.com is
correctly redirecting to tennis-life.jp So, is it possible to change
each of the permalinks? Yes. Your site is no longer on WordPress.com, so
you can go to http://tennis-life.jp/wp-admin and then to Settings >
Permalinks and change the permalinks there No, I'm talking about
permalinks of https://WordPress.com I would like to remove my name
itself. I don't know what you mean. Your site is redirecting to a site
not on WordPress.com, no one can access the links of your site on
WordPress.com. I don't understand your words as well. Your blog is yet
shown on my search results. If you are talking about links in Google
search results we cannot do anything about those. You can request Google
remove them in Google Search Console. Usually they go away with time.
All right. By the way, what is a word processor. It's like Microsoft
Word, or Apple Pages Understood. Let me close this account. about Https
and wrong theme How can we help? hello.. please i need to know why my
wordpress theme is broken when you connect using https is this for
http://famepace.com/? try this link: https://famepace.com/ yes add \s\
to http and see the result That site is actually a Jetpack site, which
means we have no access to your files or host If you have any issues
with Jetpack, we'd be happy to help but for that issue, you'd want to
speak with your host or the theme creator aha ok no problem but i have a
question sure does this problem affect my SEO? because in the last 30
days i don't receive much visitors from SEO I can give you my best
guess, but to really know you'd definitely want to speak with the theme
creator I can't see why it would, since the data is all there, it just
looks odd it's all the same posts, all the same meta tags, etc. thanks
for the support Is it possible for me to add an xml feed to my homepage
for expert-astrology.org? How do I do it? Are you trying to show a feed
of your WordPress.com site on a different site? Or are you trying to add
a feed from another site to your WordPress.com site? A feed from another
site What's the site? Is it also a WordPress site? It's not WP.
http://horoscopeservices.co.uk/daily_delivery/feed.asp?uid=971218287=M
Hmm, taking a look So any RSS feed should work with the RSS feed widget:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/rss-widget/ Try adding your
feed url to an RSS Widget and see if the format works! I can take a look
with you How many items would I need to display? It's a weekly horoscope
It's up to you! I'm not familiar with the content, but you can choose.
saved it but I can't see anything in sidebar Taking a look! Which site
did you add it to? expert-astrology.org I see the feed showing up!
Here's a screenshot: https://cloudup.com/cMGBFBHuwMe Ok, so it shows
when I cick into a page. I want it to show only on the homepage Why are
they abbreviated […] You have added it as a sidebar widget to your pages
let me see if your homepage offers widget areas in this theme Your
homepage has a number of footer widget areas, so you can move the RSS
Widget to one of those to make it show up on the bottom of your
homepage! No-one will see it there. Are header widgets possible? No, I
can't think of any themes that put widgets in the site header Some
themes have homepage sidebar widget areas I'm just looking to see if
there's an alternate method For any post or page, you can add an RSS
feed using a shortcode: https://en.support.wordpress.com/rss-shortcode/
In the main body of text? Yes, but I'm not sure if that would work with
your specialized theme homepage, I'm checking I created a page but it
just shows the string Could you give me the url of the page you created
so I can take a look? https://expert-astrology.org/horoscopes/ Why are
there two logos in the header?! Ah, I see you added the url, you didn't
use the shortcode Copy and paste this into your page instead: [rss
url=http://horoscopeservices.co.uk/daily_delivery/feed.asp?uid=971218287=M]
Ok that worked Awesome What is going on with the header? Looks like you
may have it set twice, as a logo and a header image. Checking! Yes,
that's the case You've added it under 'Site Identity' and also under
'Header Image' in your Customizer You'll need to remove or replace one
of those https://expertastrology.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php
Ok. One last question. How do I add my Google Analytics code? You would
need a Business upgrade to add Google Analytics. You can read about it
here if you decide to go that route!
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-analytics/ You may also want to
verify your website with Google, which is free for any plan:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Hello, two
questions:\n1) How do I make my website unpublished? I am still working
on it and yet I see I have had 4 views, which isn't good since the site
is a mess.\n\n2) When I google search my website
www.ascendantfitness.com I can see my website, but the tag line under it
is a tag line I used with my old website provider. How do I make that go
away? First, if you want to set your site to Private, you can do that by
clicking on Settings in your site's dashboard. There is a button to
click next to Private, then you can save the changes. That way only you
(the owner of the site, when logged in) and any other users you have
manually added to the site can see it. Great! I found it. Awesome! Is
there anything else that I can help you with today? Yes. Did you see
question 2? Yes, I am checking on this now. Just one moment, please. Ok,
so you are wanting the tagline to read \personal training & nutrition\?
Or something else? personal training and nutrition I see that the site
was created about a week ago. Usually takes a few weeks for Google and
other search engines to come back around and re-index the site. Yes. I
started creating it yesterday. oh, I see. Ok. with the plan that I have
am I able to optimized my site through search words? Yes, your site has
Search Engine Optimization already built in. We have a page here with
more information on how you can adjust the SEO settings for your site:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ perfect thank you! how do I make
my wordpress site searchable with my name and title? I'm happy to help.
Your site at https://koshahealingarts.com/ is set to public, and is
already searchable. To help increase your search results, however, you
may be interested in connecting your site to the Google Search Console.
You can do this by going to: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo The
information on what you'll want to connect from Google can be found
here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools I looked at my
site listing on Google and it said that a site description was not
available, because of the site's robot.txt file settings. I would like a
description to appear on the google listings. How do I change the
settings to allow that? Thank you. I'll check your current settings I
can't see that message when I look up your site in Google:
https://www.google.com.au/search?q=site%3Ahttps%3A%2F%2F007bonding.com%2F=site%3Ahttps%3A%2F%2F007bonding.com%2F=chrome..69i57j69i58.1342j0j7=chrome=UTF-8
Oh, I see it for one item, for www.007bonding.com I would suggest asking
Google to remove that item from the search index as it's not actually
for your new site. Google search is bringing up the following \A
description for this result is not available because of this site's
robots.txt\ - Can you please confirm when this will be fixed? Hello
there, happy to help you. Was your site marked as private recently? it
was until a few days ago How long does the process take usually? It is
upto google. it can take a few days though you may check more about this
here the tips on the article will also help you overall with search
engines and your website Take a look and let me know if it helps Let me
know if you require any further assistance. Thank you. I will now end
this chat. Feel free to chat with us again for any further assistance.
Good Bye! I'm having formatting issues with this page -
http://etchsourcing.com/about I have the images set to align left with
the text on the right - but its not working on the site I'd be happy to
look into that for you. Ideally I want two columns - one for pictures
and one for text I'm trying to test something It seems pictures are
higher than the text on the right, so we can do another thing to make
the layout exactly as you need We could put pictures and text inside a
two columns table ON each row, we could put to the left the picture and
in the second column the text. Does this seem like a good plan? perfect
how do we do that? We have a step by step tutorial with screenshots for
this. Let me grab the link.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/advanced-html/#tables I would recommend
you to create your table in http://html-tables.com/ and then copy it to
your editor That helps. im having some issues the code is not working ok
I just updated it with the new code I changed it a little bit for you ,
as it seems the code got messed Now, you have the same picture on both
lines, but you could select the good une for your first line (Jane's
picture) Better? I dont see the update The text is still missing from my
view I selected the Picture for Jane - but now both profiles are still
missing Ok, please, save changes to the post and I'll take a look once
you tell me it's done its done The text is still missing Ok. Let me see
I've removed an empty picture you had on top ok but the picture columns
are too small now NOw you can see your pictures... Yes. both pictures
are tiny Let me show you how to tune the size of your pictures... You
can set up the % of the width eachone of your columns will take ah
perfect I did it putting 40% for your left column (the one with the
pictures) looks great now! thanks~! But you can change it to adapt the
visualization to your needs :)\n Cheers - thanks again Hi,\nThe theme i
have chosen should self adjust on mobile phones but the layout is not
mobile friendly when i checked on a samsung s7 or iPhone 7 Let me take a
quick look at your site. Thanks Sure. OK, I'm not seeing any issues with
the set up of your site. Can you describe the issues you're seeing on
mobile? the header shortens and the font of the title stays big so it
trails off the page Got it. I'm seeing the same thing here. I'm going to
check the theme demo to see if the issue is present there. One moment
please… Yeah, I'm seeing the same thing in the demo, so looks like it's
a bug. Thanks for bringing this to our attention! ok so what do i do
now? I'll file a report so our Theme Team can have a look and work
toward a resolution. I can follow up with you in an email to let you
know when the report has been filed. Sure. It's hard for us to provide
an ETA on these types of issues, since there are many contributing
factors. But I can confirm once the report has been filed, and we'll
work to resolve this as quickly as possible! ok great, hopefully it gets
fixed soon as I've just made my blog public na dint want to put off
mobile users Yep, I understand. I'll do what I can to see if we can find
a quick resolution. Did you have any other questions for me right now?
also how can i get my site recognised by search engines like google?
Great question. The search engine listings aren't updated in real time.
The search engines actually need to visit your site before they can list
updated information. WordPress.com sites are visited frequently, so you
should see your site in Google and the other search engines within a few
weeks. You can also verify your site with the search engines, which may
prompt a quicker visit. You can get the details here: We also have some
great SEO resources here: great thank you you've been really helpful
Thanks, and you too! Feel free to get in touch again if you need
anything else. :) Did you have another question? Hello. I just want to
make sure that there are no SEO options at ALL on the Personal plan?
Only on the Business one? If so, is there any other way to increase
ranking? What is the \Project Tags\ feature on the Portfolio pages?
Thank you for your help! that's correct, Business Plan allows more
customizing SEO options but don't worry, because our SEO in
WordPress.com is optimized to be the best SEO for search engines, you
have to do nothing at that level but, i'd suggest you to take a look at
this articles about SEO: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ because
sometimes it's not the site's internal configuration, but the content
you're publishing and how to do it thank you! you second question:
Project tags are just the same that \Normal\ tags:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/ but, they categorize your
projects, separately projects are used when you have a portfolio site or
you want to show your work or projects Oh okay. So it's just for
internal organization? that's correct :) and when you say \more
customizing SEO\ -- is that basically the ability to specify keywords?
or is there a way for me to \tag\ my site with certain keywords under
the Personal plan? Right, you can set specific keywords and a personal
meta description yeah, you can do that here, it works for Personal too:
https://wordpress.com/settings/general add a site title and description,
it works for SEO so the keywords should go under Site Tagline? you can
also verify your site: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo it's not
necessary thought, but it can be done no, please note that you can't set
keynotes if you're not Business. Just add a description on Site Tagline
all the content is important, not only the keywords Add a title and a
short description to your site, that's all. oh okay. i have that there.
but it's more of a slogan than a description. it shows on the front
page, so i need it to look \pretty\ haha haha, that's it! when you say
it also depends on content -- what type of content gets picked up
easier? (sorry, i apparently have no intention of letting you go in
peace :) ) haha no worries not the type of the content, but how you
write that content :) here, take a look at this:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ there are tips for improving your
\indexation\ on the search engines like this:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/
interesting. so even though it's not a blog, i need to blog something on
regular basis for it to keep kicking? does ANY activity count as a sign
of life. Or does it have to be a newly published page? it's important to
make your site \live\ try to update your site quite oftenly but can it
be a really minor update? like a comma here and there? haha or does it
need to be full text? haha mine is a portfolio so once i put it
together, it's pretty much together I'd suggest you to share something,
change some text, etc. i can always tinker with it. but probably nothing
major you can share the site too, on facebook or twitter if it gets
visits, it improves the position on search engines too hmm. maybe i'll
add some blog page. like word of the day, haha okay. i think i'm out of
questions. great! I'm closing this chat now ok? but please feel free to
open a new one if you have any further question :) so as long as people
are visiting the site, that's keeping it alive too? sorry. i lied! haha
no worriesª yeah, it you get visits that's contributing to its life too
by sharing your work, getting likes, etc okay. thank you. i will come
back to bug you if it dies on me :) cheers! haha no problem! have a
great day! you too! Hi, I have just upgraded to business and am working
through the new SEO options. I am wanting to understand what the 'Tags'
(under 'settings' > 'SEO') is used for. I can't see that it's the onpage
tags so I wonder how these particular tags are used by users and/or SE
so I can understand what is best to do here. Hello! Give me a minute to
double check what these are for and I'll be back OK so to give you an
example, this is a Tag page: https://thingstodowithkids.com.au/tag/life/
And the SEO option you are adding will be applied to these type of pages
oh of course I forgot about those thank you No worries Happy to help :)
Where can I add a list of keywords to my pages Good day Do you mean for
SEO purposes? Good day! :) yes . A site analyser gave me a scor of 63 .
I am trying to improve that score by adjusting some things . One thing
that was glaringly obvious is that there are no keywords there is a box
for keywords on blogs but not for site pages. Why is that? Thebox you
see on blog posts aern't for that purpose. This feature is only
available in the Business Plan You would need to upgrade your site. ok
thanks. If you were looking at my site is there anything you would
change to get it higher up the search engines? oohh while I think about
it .. how can I add google analytics to my pages? I'm sending you a
support page with some tips to help improve your site's ranking: Ok
thanks again? But basically the most important thing is to write
relevant content and add good descriptions to your images About Google
Analytics it's also only available for Business Plans owners. I’ll go
ahead and end this chat, but if you need any additional help, feel free
to start a new one!\n I just changed status to public and the site
doesn't come up when I google it Hi again It will take some time for a
newly public site to display on Google results It can take 4-6 weeks for
Google to initially index a site So keep posting and updating, and soon
your site will be visible ok thank you I thought I did something wrong
again No! You're good :) Yay! bye Always a good idea to check! have a
great day :) you too I'd like to change the title and description for my
site for when it gets googled. currently the title reads
\bartosekgroup.com/\ and the description reads \A description for this
result is not available because of this site's robots.txt\ Let me take a
look. Just one moment, please :) It looks like your site was just
switched to publish a 2 days ago, it can take a few weeks for Google to
come around and re-index your site. At that time it would pull in your
new site title and description for displaying in search results. thanks.
where can I modify the title and description? The Site Title can be
adjusted on the Settings page in your dashboard. The description will
typically pull in from the Excerpt you set on the page used as the
frontpage of your site. So I would recommend adding an excerpt there. We
have instructions here on how to do this:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/excerpts/ You're welcome! Is there
anything else that I can help you with today? that's it. thanks very
much Glad I could help! Have a great rest of your day :) hi can you tell
me how to make my site appear in google search when my name and title
are entered? You can read about some SEO here:
http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ It isn't a
simple thing to do - google has a pretty sophisticated and ever changing
algorithm - search is their business (: Give that a read and let me know
if you have questions - it isn't something that can happen overnight but
a good goal to work towards I need to ad to some of my pages. \n\nForums
recommend to install various plugins, but I don't see an option to add a
plugin. wp-admin console redirects me to the new look where again, can't
see option to ad plugins.\n\nplease help. We don't allow plugins uploads
in WordPress.com is there another way to drop pages from indexing? but
still appear on site? you need to verify your site with Google have
already done I only want to add to certain pages SEO tool if plugins not
allowed, then why this page? https://wordpress.org/plugins/ ok I see,
that is for self hosted WordPress sites WordPress.com is a different
hosting Here´s a link with a WordPress.com vs WordPress.org comparison:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ i am on wordpress.com yes,
so plugins are not allowed here also check this link on Search Engines
for discouraging Google to not index sites
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ want my site indexed,
just not certain pages your site will be indexed automatically it takes
around 4-5 weeks for Google to crawl your site that what it takes for
new sites, but after it's crawled it will update changes more frequently
understand. I want 90% of my site to be indexed. but there are a small
number of pages i want excluded. SEO practices say the way to do this is
add to the headers of those pages. that is what I want to do you have
your sitemap.xml file here http://jbhoblog.wordpress.com/sitemap.xml Yes
I understand, but WordPress.com sites doesn't support adding content in
the header section to exclude a site you can set the visibility to
private ok and there is no built in function to exclude single pages? I
have a business acct I'm afraid we don't have this feature but let me
ask my collegaues around my colleagues are confirming that we don't have
this feature as it relies on meta tags which we don't allow bummer thank
you anyway thanks for your understanding I was reading on tag lines i
still dont understand it.\n No worries, I'm happy to help - Where are
you reading about taglines? Um under settings
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/griffinsmartsolutions.com Setting>
SEO Thanks! There are a few places that taglines appear, so I wanted to
make sure we were in the same place. Yea i have no idea how this works
to be honest I read a bit and still dont understand No worries, we're
happy to help. The tagline is the short description you'd see of a page
in Google results, so your Site Title would be the link you see,
followed by a couple lines of text describing your site. You'll set that
up in Customize > Site Identity: https://wordpress.com/customize/\n Okay
i have set that You can enter it in the SEO area under Website Meta as
well - that's used in some additional places like Facebook Have you seen
this page? It has some screenshots of how that'll appear in search
results, and what all the settings do in the SEO area:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ Site Verification Services
How dose this work It confirms that you own your site with the search
engines, so you can use their other tools like Google Analytics and
Webmaster Tools. Normally you'd add a bit of code they provided to you,
in your site's backend, but we added these front-end boxes to enter the
code, to make it easier for you. We have more about each service you can
verify with here for webmaster purposes:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ I would like to delete
griffinsmartsolutions.blog\nNew\nC$29.00 /year\nSelect\n Hmm I'm
currently not seeing griffinsmartsolutions.blog on your account Would
you like to register this domain? Still with me? No Its there On the top
right hand it says \Switch sites\ i see it My website is also not
showing on google search engine is this because i just switche dmy
domain today Hmm, so I'm only seeing griffinsmartsolutions.com or
griffinsmartsolutions.wordpress.com, but not griffinsmartsolutions.blog.
Let's take this one issue at a time. What are you searching in Google?
I'm trying to add SEO. how to do that without adding business plans? is
there any plugin or anything which I can buy for only SEO >? So instead
of adding plugins, our SEO features are built in. WordPress.com blogs
and websites are very search friendly by default. T The best advice we
can give you about getting listed in search engines is to write good
content and descriptive titles for images. I also recommend reading
these articles on SEO, which have some great action
areas:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
Hmm.. I haven't heard from you in awhile. I'll go ahead and close this
chat window, but if you need further assistance, please feel free to
open a new chat window! I don't see my website in the google search
engine at all Hello ? What is the terms you're using in Google? Let me
know if you still need help with this issue. Hi,\nI was told not to
worrry about SEO with the business package I purchased however I just
finished my site and when I just type the site name 'Zenm Design' it
searches for Zen Design instead? Not sure that is great SEO. Is there
something I should be doing to fix this?\nThanks It sounds like Google
thinks you are making a typo, which is pretty common for words that are
close to other words. To start you should click the \search for Zenm
Design\ link Google gives to show that's actually what you mean Also you
can list your business in Google Business pages and verify in Google
Search Console: http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ If you
haven't already Is there anything else I can help with right now? Hi I
NEED HELP! How do I make an email list here? I added a widget already
and 1 of my friends subscribed already. \n\nHow do I put something like
aweber or something? \n\nPlease help You can use Mailchimp, Wufoo, or
Jotform for this. If you already have Aweber, you can integrate it with
Jotform. yeah but how do i connect it to my website
https://en.support.wordpress.com/forms/wufoo/\nFor Wufoo Jotform
https://en.support.wordpress.com/forms/jotform/
https://en.support.wordpress.com/mailchimp Please feel free to come back
to us any time. Have a great day :) Help! How do I put ads on my blog so
that I can start earning? A few options for monetizing your site are
given here https://en.support.wordpress.com/monetize-your-site/ You can
apply for our WordAds program here https://wordads.co Are you still
there? ok thanks, when i got wordpress premium, i got a free 100$ google
adwords, i live in the philippines, so how do i use this? it only says
only US address. Is this true? Unfortunately yes! It can only be used in
the US. thats unfair, so what do i do now? It's an offer for a Google
service, provided through Google partners, so we don't have any control
over it. It is clearly mentioned on this page
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-adwords-credit/ Need help again!
How do I put tags on my blog post? Im really confused help Do you mean
tags for SEO purposes? yess to gain traffic Ok, that feature is only
available for Business Plans owners. But I'd like to point that they
won't make you gain traffic by themselves They can help you but the main
action to gain traffic is write relevant content and add descriptions to
your images Hi there,\n\ni am very confused, when I type in my website
name into go google, this comes up:
http://jeancullenartist.com.sitewarz.com/ What is sitewarz? How can i
delete that? It shows private information of my website. Please
help.\n\nThanks You can't control what comes up when you do a Google
search. what are the words you are looking for, please? But sitewarz
shows how many people have looked up my website What is Sitewarz anyway?
I don't know either. It isn't our service. what are you looking for
exactly, please? http://jeancullenartist.com.sitewarz.com/ Why is my
websiteaddress combined with this sitewarz? in the link? because you are
typing that address. no im not i only type in jeancullenartist Your
site's domain is jeancullenartist.com but it changes only. Maybe once
you did a typo and sitewarz keeps coming up and your brwoser is
autocompleting it no i tried it on different browsers Ok, I can't
reproduce this. I'm not sure what you are doing, that's why I am asking
you exactly what are you typing inside Google search box. Could you
please tell me what exactly are you typing? oh ok sorry yes, i type in
jeancullenartist and tht link pops up Ok, thanks, let me try here. Ok,
when I type those words in Google search box and hit enter that's what
it returns: https://cloudup.com/ct34QmKVcNW ok it doesnt show me that.
so it must be the browser than? thanks anyway! I think so, maybe if you
send me a screenshot I can figure what's happening. But as I said
probably some autocompleting based on your previous searches How do i do
that? I'm sending you a support page:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/make-a-screenshot/
https://www.google.de/search?newwindow=1==hp=jeancullenatist=je_l=hp.3.0.35i39k1l2j0i131k1l2j0i67k1l3j0j0i67k1j0i131k1.1528.3928.0.5434.7.7.0.0.0.0.188.788.0j5.5.0....0...1c.1.64.hp..2.4.637.0..0i10k1.8KFDRG84iyc
Thanks! I checked that page. It seems this is a free tool. It will
analyze sites stats. but as I said, we can't control Google search
results. Hello. I did my first blog post on 31st Jan and thought people
could find and read my blog, indeed a couple of people did. But now it
does not seem properly accessible. In search results I (and friends
using different computer) see 'A description for this result is not
available because of the site's robots.txt When I click on the link it
comes up with the About page, but page seems stuck on this, there is no
link/tab to click on blog or anything else. What is going on? Hope you
can assist. HI there! Let me take a look, just one moment please. Ok,
thanks Alright, I see what has happened here. It looks like your site
was set to public only 2 days ago, before that time Google and other
search engines would not have had access to your site in order to index
it. So that's why you are seeing that message about the site's
robots.txt. Google and other search engines regularly index sites, but
it can sometimes take time. It could be a few days or weeks before the
bots come back around to re-index your site. Ok I see. And with regards
to just getting the about page? And it should be set to Public so that
anybody can read it, right? Yes, the site is set to public and it's
available to search engines now. The reason your About page is coming up
when you go to thelastyearofmythirties.com is that this page is
currently set as the frontpage of your site. If you click on \Customize\
in your site's dashboard, you will then see the customizer panel. You
can click on \Static Front Page\ to see the options to change that to
another page. The second drop-down menu there is for which page you want
the blog posts to show up on. Oh. I probably didn't want that like that!
Do you want the blog posts to show up right on the homepage, or a
different page? On the Blog part. Bit confused as it used to come up
with the Home page and options to chose which bit to go to About/Blog
etc... There are two options here: The first option is to set your
latest blog posts to show up on the frontpage of your site. You can
still setup a menu so that users can reach other pages, such as an About
page or Contact page. Another option is to setup a static front page
using 1 page. In that case, you would need to designate a second page to
show all of your blog posts. You'd need to setup a site menu in order to
reach that second page with the blog posts. Option 1 sounds preferable.
How do I do that please? I need help with SEO techniques i understand
that this is only available to Business plan and im only premium. But i
was wondering if there was any way of doing this so my site can be found
easily and seen as much as possible? Ok, if you click on Customize in
your site's dashboard, you'll see the customizer panel open up. Then you
can click on \Static Front Page\. Once there, you'll want to click on
\Your latest posts\ then Save & Publish the changes. Ok. I will give
that a go! Thanks! I'm here. :) So, WordPress.com Business does include
some option for tweaking how your site looks in search engines. There's
a lot that can be done without those options though! You're welcome! You
may also want to setup a menu for your site. We have instructions here
on how to setup a custom menu and add it on your site:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/ Here at WordPress.com, we handle
many of the behind the scenes mechanics of SEO on your behalf. For
example, themes are built to make it easy for search engines to crawl
their content and we automatically notify Google each time you publish
new content. This leaves you to focus on the task of publishing good
quality and consistent content, the most important part of SEO. I
recommend the following resources as places to learn more about SEO and
for tips on improving your site's ranking:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com Thanks! In
addition, our Branding and Growth course is an excellent introduction to
growing:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/blogging-university/branding-growth/
You're welcome! It's been nice chatting with you. If you find that you
need help with anything else, please just let us know! Hello. When will
the SEO and marketing web course be up on the website for review?
Thanks. Let me check! Just a moment. I don't have an ETA on the course,
but when it's ready, you can find it at
https://wordpress.com/help/courses ok. thanks. Hi I have just made my
website public but when it comes up on a search engine it says that
there is no description because of something to do with robots? How can
I get a description there? hi! That is something normal to happen since
Google takes some time to read new websites oh ok! so there is nothing I
need to do? What will be there thing that comes up as a description?
since you are not using any tagline on your website, that description
will be empty you can fill it on My Site > Themes > Customize > Site
Identity ok let me check that now Nice! I will think about what i'll
put…I am not crazy about having the tagline on the website homepage. Is
there a way to have it just come up on the search engine? unfortunately,
it is not possible to add a description to your website without adding
it to the Customizer if you have a company logo, you can try to upload
it to the Site Identity section, then select the option to hide the site
title and tagline that's ok! by the way, just to make sure, when I seamy
site it shows \edit page\ and all of those bits…is that what everyone
sees …. :0 only you can see those info because you're logged to your
WordPress.com account now ok! thank u! improving the SEO ho It looks
like your site is pretty new - that is a big part of it You can read
more about how SEO works here:
http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ thank you.
reading now! Let us know if you have any questions about it! Hey ! I got
a problem with finding my page on google.\nWhen I type in my name (or
any content from the page), it shows nothing. And when I type the specif
address from my page (www.alexander-wuensche.de), it shows the
following:\n\A description for this result is not available because of
this site's robots.txt\\nIs there a solution to fix that? One moment
while I run some tests on your site Okay so it looks like about 3 days
ago your site was set to private and it was recently updated to Public.
That's why we were seeing that error in the search engines about the
robots.txt file. It can take 4-6 weeks or more for search engines to
revisit your blog and discover your content. Okay! So that means that
right now everything is set the right way, and i just have to wait?
Correct! Everything is all set, we just need to wait for the search
engines to revisit your site Get website visible on google Hello... How
long has your site been live? Hi, it's been live about a week Awesome.
Regular posts are going to help a ton, but I have something you'll want
to setup. Webmaster Tools:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ ok cool, what is that?
Gives you a little more control with regard to search engines. Highly
recommend. Give that try and let us know if you get stuck anywhere.
Also, this fairly recent article really hits the nail on the head:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
okay. and you think i will be found then also by just typing in my name
(alexander wünsche) (and not the complete adress)? Great. I'll read up
on that and get back to you. Thanks very much. Have a great day My
pleasure! Thanks so much. Have a great day over there, too. :) Cheers
Regarding showing up for a specific result in the search engines, this
is completely dependent on the search engines and how they rank your
site I also recommend reading these articles on SEO, which have some
great action areas:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ and
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
alright. But by now your advise would be just to wait a few weeks and
then see? I also verified my page on google already Yes, exactly! It
does take some time to appear in the search engines. You'll be able to
see from there :) alright, i just wanted to make sure. Thank you! :) i
just want to know why my site is not visible if you type in the title of
my film in google...as it has a registered.com domain...not
wordpress..is anyone there to help me please? It looks like your site
has been up and running for a couple of weeks. It can take weeks to get
listed in Google search. hello... You can speed it up by setting up
things like Webmaster tools and asking them to \recrawl\ your site. Have
you tried this? ok. so, do you mean that in a short while when anyone
types in the film name my website will appear at the top of the google
page, just as my facebook film page does... haven't tried webmaster
tools...too much for me to get my head around Getting a website to
appear at the top of search is extremely hard to do. A Facebook page
isn't the same as a standalone website. I also recommend changing the
\Short Film\ in the site tagline to something that's more tagline-like
https://cloudup.com/co5-O3VI3KF you mean just have the film name.com and
take out the short film? I would enter something that succinctly
describes the film into the Tagline field. like what? I'm not sure what
the movie is about, but I'll try to create an example. an example would
be good \the most powerful woman in the world\ Again, my apologies since
I'm not aware of your film's premise. Something that invokes authentic
purpose in your site and this film. ok cool. If I don't do that though
people will see my site on google soon though somewhere...yeah? Yes.
It's never fast enough, but it will happen. thanks very much for your
time and help. Have a pleasant day My pleasure! You do the same, thanks.
:) I need SEO optimisation for my site to get more visitors and
customers, but have been told by an outside source that this isn't
available for Wordpress sites. Can you please tell me what I have to do
to get more traffic on my site and so more business? Hi there - I'll
take a look at your current setup and get back with some feedback and
ideas. Just a minute. This is for prooftheword.com, correct? How long
has the site been live? Since last December. How often would you say
you're writing posts? My help window has gone and I just talking to
someone. SEO at WordPress.com is built organically into the concept of
publishing and publishing often. I gotcha back. :) I write blogs most
days, but I don't to have to constantly write blogs to attract business!
I want people to find my site through Google, etc, visit my site, book
me and then pay me! How do I do this and why am I having such a problem
sending you this message?! Hello? Hi there! Sorry, our chat system
experienced an issue and we lost our connections. Ok, so what advice can
you give me? I need traffic from search engines, how do I get it? I
would recommend starting by connecting your site to the Google Search
Console. This will immediately verify to Google that your site is a real
site, and that it is one being actively maintained. You can find the
steps for connecting that here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ In addition, I would
go ahead and connect to the Bing system following the steps on that
page. Once you have taken those steps, I would recommend looking at some
of the additional information available here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/author/chriswsmith/ Chris is an SEO
expert that has written about getting your site found on search engines
(among other topics). When I go to the Goggl Search Console page, it
says this: 1. Download this HTML verification file.
[google31ec033a020af00f.html]\n2. Upload the file to
https://www.prooftheword.com/\n3. Confirm successful upload by visiting
https://www.prooftheword.com/google31ec033a020af00f.html in your
browser.\n4. Click Verify below. Select the 'Alternate Methods' tab in
those settings, and select the HTML tag option. So how do I do all that?
I apologise for the typos in those messages, but hey. This will provide
a tag that begins with Widgets -> Home 1 - Full Width And expand the
'Slider' widget there. what do you mean by expand the slider? You'll see
the widget in the left. If you click it, it will expand to show you the
options. Uncheck the 'Disable Excerpt' checkbox in the widget, and tell
me what you see in the slider on the right side. i did that DO you see
there's a small summary with each post in the slider now? If you have an
excerpt, it's pulled from there. Otherwise, it pulls in the first ~50
words from the content. i do not see what you are referring to on my end
Please give me a moment. https://cloudup.com/c9fC4TzRQ7J In this
screenshot, can you see the area highlighted in a red box? if the photo
loads... yes i see that. i do not want that there I was just trying to
show it to you, you did not need to save the option :) I have disabled
it again for you now. what can i do to get better SEO results? I will
point you to some great resources.
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/postaday/ebook-grow-traffic/ When i
started this 10-years ago, there was no such thing probably as SEO so a
lot of stories do not have it Most experts talk about optimizing for
humans nowadays. ok The golden era of SEO was probably about 2007-2014
or so. Search engines are a lot more smarter now. I started this March
1, 2007 and lost about 20,000 stories when i had to cut because of
storage problems Wow, I hope you keep writing :) Is there anything else
that I can help you with right now? for better SEO since we're on that
topic, I continue to fill out the SEO Description under Meta
Description, right? Yes! I have been told that keeping the title under
70 characters also helps :) how do we know if its 70 characters? Well,
the easiest way is to count, or put it in a word processor. If you have
Google search console set up, you can see a preview of your posts there.
how do i set one up? First, this tool helps with the search preview
https://www.portent.com/serp-preview-tool Then, for Google search
console, we have a guide here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ i have those site
website tools connected That's great :) does the alt and description in
photos do anything for SEO? Yes, it does. It helps the search engines
know what the image is about. so fill those out too what should be put
in each one The alt tag should be a brief, one-line description of the
image. like Kyle Shanahan has been named 49ers head coach? It should be
something like a description of what is in the image itself. Kyle
Shanahan being interviewed during Super Bowl media day Yes, that is more
like it :) like that. the Shanahan story is about that what about the
description one? Well, that is an optional field, and is only displayed
on an attachment page. It's not essential for search engines. oh ok what
else is good for SEO on wordpress.com besides those that we previously
discussed? Well, I'm not n expert, but I would say keep writing, and
sharing on social media :) Also, join groups and create collections on
Google+. everything is shared on social media i joined facebook groups
to share my work, then they blocked me from doing that. Stupid Facebook
That happens. Google+ is more interest based, and is supposed to work
great :) does people even use google+ anymore? isn't it dead? Apparently
a ton of people still use it. :) how do you get more interest there?
Basically, join and create collections. where do you add collections? I
would suggest Google+ support pages for that
https://support.google.com/plus/?hl=en#topic=6320382 I am looking into
that now is there a way to automatically post to a collection on G+
instead of having to do it each time? Unfortunately no. Their API is not
open because they want people to actually engage. what about
automatically posting to Instagram? I'm not sure, but I don't think they
have anything that supports auto posting to Instagram. You might find
IFTTT interesting if you're looking for automation of some kind
https://ifttt.com/search/wordpress i do not know anything about IFTTT so
I will look into it Sounds good :) if i did this one, would people come
back to the original story here or just there with no clicks back?
https://ifttt.com/applets/331572p-create-a-medium-story-from-your-wordpress-post
Also, I was told to use the reblog feature, but nobody has used it Does
it work? This particular IFTTT recipe seems to publish the full post, so
I don't think it'll encourage clicks. ok that's what i thought IFTTT has
several options for more exposure if i use them what about the reblog
feature? The reblog feature is not something a lot of people use. oh,
why is that It is mostly used by bloggers, within their own circles. so
i shouldn't use it for more exposure? Nobody has reblogged any of my
stories yet You can keep it, as it does no harm. Since your site is more
of a magazine than a blog, it makes less sense than it does on a blog.
oh ok. i will remove it. What about the \like\ feature What exactly does
that anyways besides shows how many people like your work? I would say
that unless you connect to more WordPress.com users, these(like and
reblog) are not useful to you. i will remove them what's this: Allow
Pingbacks & Trackbacks This is so you'll get a notification when someone
shares a link to any of your posts on their own WordPress site. how come
i am getting this when i try to use IFTTT
https://ifttt.com/channels/wordpress/activate_create iUnable to verify
Wordpress credentials. Please try again.\n DO you have two step
authentication enabled? i do not believe i do do i? Let me check. I get
text messages with codes yes, it is enabled on your account. You will
need an application specific password.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/security/two-step-authentication/#application-specific-passwords
it says i need to go back to the two set authentication to set a unique
password where is that? https://wordpress.com/me/security/two-step I
haven't heard from you in a while, so I'll be closing this chat. Feel
free to start chatting again if you need. Have a great day :) I've set
my site to private while I'm working on it, but when I search it on the
internet it still shows up as an active site??? It is an active site
currently, it's just that it's private. So people cannot access it. So
you may see results in search engines, but the site itself is not
accessible to the public Hi, did you get my question? Yes. Did you not
see my answer? What I said was the site is active currently, it's just
that it's marked as private. So it may show in search results, but when
a visitor clicks on it, they will not be able to access the site So what
do I have to do so it's not public yet? I want to work on it before I
publish. I was told earlier that all i had to do was put it on private
Yes. What this does is block people from being able to access your site
But there really is no way to pull it completely offline to work on it.
Hi. I have purchased your $3/month package and added my pre-existing
custom domain, it is the primary domain now. At the Hosting company's
end (Host4Africa) I have changed the DNS settings with the
NS1.Wordpress.com, NS2...... name servers. I have done that tonight. Now
I want to use the existing email addresses we have with Host4Africa, but
have a few questions. I know I can either change/add email DNS or change
the A records on the Host4Africa side. If your email records are already
setup at Host4Africa, you can create an A record that points to either
192.0.78.24\n192.0.78.25 If you change your name servers to ours, that
will also work, and you can re-enter your email records here:
https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/ Generally, you only use one or the
other, not both So I can use any of the 2 IP addresses? But also only
one IP address? Not both IP addresses? You can create an a record that
points to either IP address You could use both, too. Ok thanks. So in
that case I do not need to change anything with MX, cname or text on the
H4A or WP side? Right Ok cool. Since I've changed the DNS to
NS1.Wordpress.com etc only tonight, do I have to wait for a few days
before changing the A records or can I do it straight away? Will my
email work again tomorrow with Thunderbird? It depends, changes have to
propagate if you prefer to use the A record instead change your name
servers back to Host4Africa's and then add the A record So you are
saying that I should change the name servers back to ns1.host4africa ,
then change the A records to the WP IP and then after that change the
nameservers back to WP again? change back to host4africa add the a
records and then you're done Will I still then be able to design the
website via WP and have all the fancy hosting advantages of WP (even
though it's theoretically hosted by H4A)? I'm green at this. Your domain
will be at host4africa And use my custom domain name without the
Wordpress bit in the website address? but your site will be here correct
Aah I see, difference between domain and site... :-) right! Ok so in my
H4A control panel I have A records for the plain animalia-consult.co.za,
and then also for mail. pop3. smtp. webmail. www. All prefixes to
animalia-consult.co.za. Do I change all those A records to the WP IP?
just the \root\ a record and maybe www the others you leave as-is The
\root\ being the one I called \plain\ I assume, without any prefixes.
right it's usually something like *.yourdomain.com Ive asked H4A for
help and they are very unclear Ok cool thanks. SO I'll change only the 2
A records and then wait beofre starting the design on WP. How long
should I wait? Normally it takes a few hours sometimes it's 24 hours or
more Ok thanks, I'll give it a shot and be in touch again in about a day
if not successful. Thanks for the help, it was super useful! you're very
welcome! Sorry I have one more Q With regards to email, if I choose to
rather enter the email records at WP and not do A records, do I have to
change the name servers to Ns1Wordpress.com again? it's one or the other
so, you'd use our name servers and then enter your email records here:
https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/ Ok. So when I enter the email
records do I enter new records for all of them (MX, CNAME, etc)? If they
don't transfer over, yup Sometimes when you map a domain, they carry
over sometimes they don't domains get a bit tricky I see. there is a
bunch of A records, as I mentioned pop3. smpt etc listed on the H4A
control panel, do I add each one when entering new records at WP? You'll
want to enter whatever your email host requires it can vary, so I don't
want to give you bad information Ok no problem, if I'm stuck I'll
squeeze the info from them. Personally, I'd try the A record thing first
since it involves the least typing but! if you do it the other way, we
can try and help to if you can get written instructions from your email
host, that's always helpful It feels like I am not having the SEO and
other stability advantages of WP if the Name servers still point to
Ns1.host4africa. Am I wrong? That won't really affect it Search engines
will use content from your site, and your \sitemap\, which we create
automatically To a visitor, or a search engine, there won't be much of a
difference from either method Now, let's set your domain is pointing to
host #1 six months later, you change the domain to point to host #2
Search engines may say \Hey, the site has changed\ and that will affect
your SEO but that isn't related to your name servers. it's the content.
Ok cool, I'll try the A record first, much simpler. Like I said I'm
throwing uneducated guesses around here. Once again, a big thanks!
Cheers for now and have a good day/morning/evening (wherever you are in
the world) :-) you're welcome! Hi just to you guys and thought problem
was solved but obviously it isnt. Have verified my blog name but can
still not access it via google\n What are you searching in Google to try
to find it? Hanskleintravel.com It looks like you bought that domain
today. It can take 3-4 weeks for a new site to show up in Google.
Verifying in Search Console can speed it up, but doesn't guarantee it. I
think you also need to set the domain as your primary domain here:
https://wordpress.com/domains Ok thanks can u aso help me with another
problem? Want to have my blogs name in much bigger writing. How can i
change that Hello, where can I change the Permalink? You can't change
permalinks structure here at WordPress.com You may change the slug,
though. It can be done when you are editing a page or post. you can't? i
did find some info online or was it in the past and now not anymore? It
is possible for sites that are not hosted with us, we remove that
funcionality. So how can you improve SEO are there other ways
WordPress.com sites are already prepared for search engines, the most
important thing you can do is to write relevant content and add
descriptions to your images. Besides that we provide some tools like
site verification for the most important search engines This support
page explains it further: Please check it out! thanks will do no all
good, need to find my way haha No worries! Maybe you'll be interested in
this tutorial for beginners:\nlearn.wordpress.com\nBut if you need any
additional help, feel free to start a new chat!\n We'll be glad to help!
Hi, Can you advise why \There is a problem with this website’s security
certificate\ shows when I review the website in WordPress? It looks like
you've recently setup Domain mapping with the domain
christianteachings.net to connect to your WordPress.com site. How long
ago did you change the name servers to complete this mapping? Think this
was done on Monday. Ok, in this case this is actually normal. This is
due to the https and certificates on your site. When mapping it can take
a few days up to about a week for these settings to all normalize and
the error will go away on it's own. Great, thanks. Another question:
where do I increase my google searches, so that my site is quicker to
find? Ta. There's not just one way of doing this. There are quite a few
different things that you can do to improve your search engine ranking,
this is usually called SEO for Search Engine Optimization. We have a
page here with links to our recommendations and more information
regarding SEO on your site: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Thanks
appreciate your help. :0) Hello,\n\nunfortunately I can't find my
homepage on google. This should be included to my contract,
right?\n\nThanks!! Kim Hi! Let me take a look at your site. When you say
you can't find your site on Google, what are you searching for? I'm
looking for Kim Hofmann + singer, songwriter, music etc Having your site
come up with you search for your name is a result of SEO (search engine
optimization) and it's not instant. It can take a few weeks or more for
Google to index your site. We have some resources at
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ But one of the best pieces of
advice is to write solid content for your site. You'll want to have
pages/posts that include your name and your offerings (singer,
songwriter, etc) Okay, I'm sorry, I'm new to this. Where can I write
down these keywords so my homepage can appear on page 1 in google? It's
not as simple as that, unfortunately. I suggest you take a look at the
links on the page at https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/. It will
explain how to build content for your site. Okay I'll try then...
Thanks! Good luck! Remember that it takes time to build Google rankings.
Alright, thank you! Why? my website automationchampion.com is very slow
? Anyone there ? Hi Rakesh How are you ? Your site loads over 10MB of
images on the first viewing which is fairly large You may want to review
how many images you're using on the front page, and what size they are
for front page 10 MB image ? Yes, you're using quite a few images and
they're large I am unable to find any arg images ? Is there any way to
find large images ? Fornt pages or all tabs ? It's not just size, you're
loading more than 20 images on the front page I would recommend a few
things either A) remove some of them B) limit the number of posts on
your front page or C) insert a \read more\ tag:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/more-tag/view-all/ so that the full
post isn't displayed How do I limit post on front page ? Pls in your
settings: https://wordpress.com/settings/general/ you can choose how
many posts to display Let me try How about now ? can you please check
size ? It's better, but still quite a bit. I recommend reviewing the
site yourself until you see it loading at a speed you find acceptable I
just change front page 3blog display to 2 What other suggestion do you
have ? Use the read more tag:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/more-tag/view-all/ or use fewer images
Speed will be a personal preference, that's why I recommend you continue
to tweak and review your site Is there any flash reason behind it ? How
about uploading videos instead of images ? Flash reason? you have over 2
dozen images on your front page If you want your site to load faster, I
recommend using one of my suggestions above but there's no other
automatic fix to make that many images load more quickly If I use videos
or GIF instead of images, will it help ? You can try, but the amount of
content is large If you don't want to reduce the amount of content
loading then you won't be able to make it any faster Video size 50MB
will still count on page load ? Yes. That is a lot of data to load. When
linking a video from Youtube, then also ? You can try it There's no way
to tell, until you test it Applied Read more tag you're still loading
quite a few images, and quite a lot of content There's no other way to
speed the site up, if you won't reduce the number of images or content
My blogs do not seem to be getting any SEO even though I forward to my
FB business site and twitter and linkedin. Why? Let's take a look first
of all, your Premium plan comes with a custom domain that has what to do
with my question so you should take advantage of that and have a unique
name so people can search for that easily my question is why dont my
blogs seem to be googleable I have blogged over 400 times I should be
more visible no matter if i have a custom domain or not It looks like
you have quite a bit of content, so that's a good thing for SEO yeah,
but a custom domain should help as well I have a custom domain for my
website. I do not seem to be getting an answer to my question another
thing that would help is our SEO tools for our Premium plan where do i
find these tools It offers more robust meta tag support I will look at
your tools great here are more links on SEO as well!
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ no problem! :) feel free to start
another chat with further questions. Good day title? where is it?\n
Hello, Can you give me more information on what you'd like to do please?
i meen tag title I don't understand. Do you want to change the title of
your site? You can do it here under Site Identity:
https://socksflowers.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php Then give me
more details because I don't understand. there are tags: title, meta
keywords where? You can't use that because you only have the Personal
plan. You need the Business plan. It costs 299€ per year. Hi, Im
confused about the SEO that is included. I wanted to put a plugin from
Yoast and it said that I cant't because Wordpress uses its own SEO and I
cant add plugins? That's right :) WordPress.com doesn't support plugins
from third party sites - that's a feature that's useable over at
WordPress.org Here at WordPress.com, SEO functionality is built in -
there's a great article on that here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ And a
side by side comparison of the two platforms right here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ ok so does this built in
feature help me see which keywords to use for my tags? It won't point
out specific keywords, but what is available to you is your site's XML
sitemap, which you can find at jessventure.wordpress.com/sitemap.xml
Other than that, it's a case of keeping your site regularly updated with
fresh, relevant content that search engines can pick up on Find out why
- when I published my new blog it published under another blog heading
with new blog content? If you have any other questions, just let us know
:) Can you explain a bit more about what has happened? I published my
new blog titled How to stay positive and when it posted to facebook it
read 5 positive things to do this year with my content of How to stay
positive 5 positive things to do this year is an older blog Ok, I see
that is coming up in the Facebook debugger tool we have, and also in the
browser when I go directly to the post. Just one moment while I do a bit
of digging here, please. Hm, that's weird it's happening on all of the
posts. I am still checking on what can be causing this. Ahhhhh I see
why! :) On this page, you have added that text:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/positivenewideas.com So what it's
doing is overwriting the post title on every post that you have, to
display that text. Instead of typing out a post's title, I'd recommend
clicking on the +Post Title button right there, that will automatically
fill in the post's title each time instead of the same title each time.
thanks tremendously You're welcome! To update the information that
Facebook has, I'd recommend using their debugger tool which you can get
to here: https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/ thanks you have
been very helpful With that tool, you can plug in any URL then click
Debug. From there you'll see a preview of how that URL looks when it's
shared currently, and you can have Facebook scrape the site again if you
want. no that's all thanks again Sure thing! Anytime :) I've read that
bbpress is a forum compatible with WordPress. Would adding a forum on my
website remaineraction .eu drastically cut into the amount of space I
get for my webpages and blog ? I asked the Q in FAQs but didn't get a
relevant answer. Does WordPress have a forum pls ? Let me take a quick
look at your account. Hi from UK Hello from the USA! OK, bbPress is
available for self-hosted WordPress sites, but you wouldn't be able to
use it on a WordPress.com site. You can learn more about the differences
here: https://get.wp.com/ So if the forum is a \must have\ for your
site, I can share instructions for moving to a self-hosted site. I
really am not techie Ah, OK. Well, WordPress.com is a much easier
platform if you're not technically inclined. I prefer WordPress to
GoDaddy they said after I switched that WordPress is more difficult but
I'm finding it better support is great thanks OK, that's great to hear!
And there's no question that WordPress.com is easier to manage than a
self-hosted site. so no forum then oh well Plus you have access to our
support. :) Yeah, not right now. It may be an option down the road. So
for now, you may want to try using blog posts and comments. Visitors
wouldn't be able to create new posts, like they would in a forum. But
they would be able to comment on your posts. yes please I would like one
even if it means upgrading frpm Premium Great. And you don't need to
upgrade from Premium. does WordPress have a newbies forum pls ? Good
question! I can share some resources with you. FYI, your Blog page is
already set up as I described. :) pls So you can publish your posts
there, and your visitors can leave comments. with reply yes Right. I
have lots of impressions on Twitter but need to get them looking at
website Yep, that's the tricky bit. ;) So I'll share some resources for
that, as well. please Sure. So to start, we have some great tutorials
for when you're first starting out:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/video-quick-start/ These cover all the
basics, and will get you up-and-running quickly. We also have Blogging
University courses, where you can join a community of newbies and learn
from us: https://dailypost.wordpress.com/blogging-university/ Finally,
here are some great resources for increasing the traffic to your site:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/
brilliant ! will u email this chat to me pls so I can read through ?
Yep! We'll send a transcript of this chat to your email, as well. just
what I want ! Great! Did you have any other questions? I think I'll
leave dealing with adding a logo until tomorrow ! OK, sounds good! We'll
be here if you need anything else. :) thanks x You bet. Cheers for now!
hi how r u doing 2day Hello there I'm doing good, how about you? how can
I help? heh i have received 0 new visitors to my site so far only views
i got are from people who monitor new blogs immediately after i post a
new blog up can you help me with SEO it's been about half a month now
not a single visitor i know there's demand cuz my youtube videos are
getting good views if you have other social media networks, you could
start by sharing on there i do not i only have facebook but i dont want
to put myself up with the business and it is on facebook already as well
for my busiess account i dunno what im doing wrong you can check these
for more tips:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
and
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
that would be all then you’re welcome, and feel free to chat with us
again :) Is there any way I can add Google Analytics into the coding of
the header of my website?\n Hi here! How are you? hello, im well just a
little frustrated Why? I have seen many tutorials on how to add tracking
accounts into the coding of the wordpress websites but I can't figure
out how... There are two parts of this. First one, possibly you've been
watching video tutorials for WordPress.org self hosted sites, and not
for WordPress.com fully hosted sites. Is that possible? I have seen
both. If you want to access to the coding of the site, that is for
WordPress.org. In the other side, we do have Google Analytics at
WordPress.com But it is part of the Business upgrade. but it is business
only You can find how it works over
here:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/google-analytics/ correct... is
there any way I can have the program on Premium? Because I'm really
feeling like I have paid $100 for nothing at this point.. Cant have
StumbleUpon OR Google Analytics.. There's no way of adding Analytics to
a non business account. Are you looking for something specific with
Google Analytics? I'm looking to expand my site and bring in more
viewers. Would you like some great tips about it? I have great articles
about SEO Give me one minute :) Take in count that the longer your blog
exists, the more you post, and the more people who visit it, the higher
it should climb in Google's rankings. \n\nYou can find some great tips
on traffic building here:
\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/postaday/ebook-grow-traffic/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttp://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttp://en.blog.wordpress.com/2014/05/02/seo-quick-tips/\n\nAlso,
I recommend getting involved over at http://dailypost.wordpress.com/ --
it's a staff-written blog with writing and photography challenges, lots
of blogging advice, and an active community of WordPress.com users that
support each other and read each other's work.\n\n\n Can I help you with
anything else? Feel free to write back to us if we can assist you with
anything else, we will be happy to help :) yoo so does tags are for SEO?
those* Sorry, but I can't see your previous conversation here. What tags
are you talking about? the tags for the blog posts, what happens if i
dont put any tags at all? is it required to put tags? and are those tags
related with SEO? by the way, i put a youtube link for my latest
article, but then after publishing the youtube vid is not part of my
article anymore tags are not required, but they could help you to
improve your SEO for sure i am a premium member here in wordpress so i
know there is no SEO option here about YouTube, did you follow this
guide to add the link? https://en.support.wordpress.com/videos/youtube/
so HOW do i make my website be on the first page of search engines? coz
i need traffic we have some tips here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ ok
thanks for that You're welcome :-) and for the youtube link, i did what
the video did, copied the youtube link and posted it on my visual editor
but once i checked my article the vid is not there\\ it seems some issue
happened when saving the content then. Would you mind cleaning up your
browser cache and cookies by following this
guide?https://en.support.wordpress.com/browser-issues/ after that, try
to edit your blog post again hi, can i use optinmonster for my site? No,
I'm sorry we don't allow plugins on WordPress.com We do have a way to
integrate with a MailChimp account for people to opt in to your
mailings. yeah i already integrated the mailchimp to my website, but is
there a way to edit my mailchimp popup subscribe form? I want to make it
look more appealing The design and configuration of the popup form is
controlled inside of MailChimp. See my site online. google or yahoo etc
do not show it when you search for it. I published it yesterday morning.
How long will it take to be live? It can take a few weeks for search
engines to crawl and discover new sites on the web. It takes time and
consistent, good quality content to get a site to rank highly up in
search results too. Here at WordPress.com, we handle many of the behind
the scenes mechanics of Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) on your behalf.
For example, themes are built to make it easy for search engines to
crawl their content and we automatically notify Google each time you
publish new content. This leaves you to focus on the task of publishing
good quality and consistent content. I recommend the following resources
as places to learn more about SEO and for tips on improving your site's
ranking:\n Oh, we also have the following course, if you sign up then
we'll deliver daily lessons on growth and branding straight to your
inbox: Thats great. I will keep going. thank you Awesome! We're right
here if questions come up too. for some reason I can't locate my website
in the search bars of search engines. I have my website with GoDaddy but
mapped to Wordpress and have entered keywords with them but it doesn't
appear when I type the keywords or the website into any search bars?
your wedsite domain is mommysadviceforkhadija.com which is already
loading your WordPress.com website if you google: mommy advice for
khadija you'll see your website https://cloudup.com/cM_t-Eee4Em ah yes
but what about the keywords I have entered should i.e. mommys advice.
Should it not pull up my website as well? check this link, this is what
I see are you there? yes thanks very much. I see that works but what
about the keywords I have entered on GoDaddy-should they not work in
pulling up my site as well? keywords are pulled whether you buy
advertising or not oh, then why are they not? most of the time the
firsts results are paid advertising, so you may be competing with paid
Google users also it really depends on a lot of other attributes, such
as what people click the most and page views that is, mommy advice
keywords is competing with 11,800,000 results it's* oh lol ok. That's
alot. Thanks you too! Appreciate the great help! :) how to add html file
on my website\n Can you please tell me a bit more about the HTML file
you want to add to your website? What does it do? Custom codes are not
allowed on WordPress.com because of security reasons:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/code/ i need to add my website to
google webmasters You can do that without a HTML file. Please follow the
steps from the article below:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
If you need any additional help, let us know! \n hey thanks a ton it
worked Perfect! i have few regarding seo how to do i use it or see the
results i am not able to see my pages as SEO active For detailed
information about SEO on WordPress.com I will direct you to the
following articles:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/
okies...will go through all of them and get back for query, if any Sure,
feel free to start a new chat anytime. thanks....appreciate your help I
want to improve the seo on my site - so I come up on google results by
my full name and via some key words. What is the best way to do this?
Hi! Let me take a peek at your site. One moment! First, I would
definitely recommend reading through these resources:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2015/12/15/google-search-console-seo/
Thanks v much! I've literally only just upgraded to the personal package
so just figuring it all out Awesome! I would start there. Chris (the
author) walks you through how to do keyword research for your posts, how
to edit things like post permalinks and meta descriptions, and how to
use the Google Search Console. Thanks very much - really useful!
Awesome! What else can I help with? no all good :) Awesome! Come chat
with us if you need anything else. My website does not appear on
Google\nI tried to research using \site:bracelet-de-montre.fr\ on Google
and there is not result. How come? Thanks for your help. Hi let me do a
search from here the domain though is https://bracelet-de-montre.fr
right? have you run a paid Google AdWords campaign before? ok here's the
deal, Google needs around 20-30 to index new sites that is, in 3-4 weeks
from now your site should be visible in search engines that's how google
and other search engines works okay it seems to be very long so my site
is running properly Yes, it is. and all WordPress.com sites runs SEO out
of the box so you only need to focus on your content and site I havent
run a paid google adwords campaign yet but planning to do it soon i was
just worried Ok, a good idea is to wait a full month before running a
paid campaign alright, noted as you may need to add/rmove content during
the first 2-3 weeks I will wait yes sure sounds good let us know if you
need more help! thanks again for your help have a good day have a good
one take care Please could you tell me how to change the metadata for
each page ? thank you some pages elements can be disabled with a CSS
customization there's something specific you need to remove? I would
like to add basic meta data info to each page please - not remove
anything oh I see, we can't add metadata here but as long as you are
using page titles and atl description for the images, the search engines
will index your site you can read more about WordPress.com SEO in this
link http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ is
there anything else I can do to increase how much google would like the
site ? it usually needs time for new sites to be indexed properly around
3-4 weekes are required for Google to crawl new sites OK - I'll give it
a little more time - thank you, Good bye. :-) and you ! :-) Need to add
something to the head section for Google verification. Howdy! Would you
mind describing to me in more detail :) I need to add a code line from
Google webmaster tool to verify my website but cannot access the header
section They are asking to add a line to the header section that is not
accessible in WP so you are trying to add it in the WP? yes google is
asking to add it to the header section of the website okay, just give me
a moment here, I will take a look :) so, I am back here so are you
trying to verify your site or to add a metatag? verify my website in
google webmaster can i access the header section for my website here in
WP for the homepage okay, so the Google seems to generate the metatag
instead and asks to add it to the header section yep it is not possible
in WP to access the header section so for the start try doing this - Go
to more actions, manage site, then select General under Site Settings.
You will see a section for Google Webmaster Tools Verification ok let me
try also, you would need to make sure you provide the correct link for
verification, 'If you are using the \custom URL\ feature of Google
Sites, use the original name of your Google Site (not the custom URL'd
name) in Webmaster Tools to generate the meta tag. i don't see the more
actions is it under My SSite Just a moment here, I will guide you step
by step Okay, I am back! do you have your WP dashboard open? you would
need to choose \Settings\ from the choices on the left
https://cloudup.com/cXg8dy1im5Q It is in blue on my screenshot are you
getting there? Then you would need to choose SEO on the TOP And scroll
down that page to Site Verification Services
https://cloudup.com/c5rPOgTqoLI Among the choices there you should see
Google this is where you will paste your HTML tag code is this what you
are looking for? ok i can see it at the bottom of the page will add it
here For the future, this is a good guide for it:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ for the front page
meta description would this be only picked for the first pge I would
believe so, but let me double check :) In general WordPress.com will
supply an XLM map for the whole site
https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/#xml-sitemaps-for-search-engines
yes, the front page meta description will be used for the front page It
will represent how your site will look like on social networks and
search engines You can preview it by clicking \Show Preview\ and you
will see how people will see your site on Google when they search for it
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#front-page-meta-description
Here is more information about front page meta description you can also
add meta descriptions to your specific posts:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#custom-post-meta-description
Hi, how do I get my website showing on Google search results for key
words? Thanks\n You'll need to create posts and pages around the
keywords/topic you want to target. Here's some info about creating posts
that search engines like :) Does that help? Thanks, I'm unsure how to
create links in my site to other areas of my site? Sure :) You can use a
text link: http://en.support.wordpress.com/links/ Great, thanks. Is
there anything else I can do to get top in Google searches? Other than
what has been mentioned SEO is quite complex and has many factors. If
you're looking to learn more I suggest checking our this site,
https://moz.com/learn/seo Is there anything else that I can help with at
the moment? That's it for now I think, thanks again Have a nice day! If
you have any further questions, fell free to contact us, we are happy to
help :) Hi! Thanks for all your help. Just a couple more questions..\n1.
I tried to google search Maafushi Island but I couldnt see my website in
the google result. Is there a way that I can make my website appear in
the first few google result? Hi there! While we inform search engines of
changes to your site immediately, it can take them 3 to 4 weeks to index
your site. It can also take time for search engines to list your site
near the top of the results, and there is no simple way to fix this
because it is up to search engines.\n\nIf you are interested in
increasing traffic to your site, you may find the following documents
helpful:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/\n\nTo expedite things,
I'd also recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ That's a lot
of information, but if you have any questions let me know. You'll
receive an email transcript of this chat to refer to later as well.
You’re welcome! bye :) Can't figure out how to paste and were the meta
tag to verify my website Hi there! Are you verifying with Google?
Through YouTube Thanks! You'll use the TXT record version. You may want
to take a look at this support page, as it will give you step-by-step
instructions:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/ I
pasted the link on the google area but it still doesn't work It says:
OOPS that page cant be found when I click on the link to verigy *verify
On your site, or on Google? On Google Hm. I'm not sure what would be
causing that. You clicked the Alternate Method option like in the
instructions? I added the link and it says verification failed now it
worked, thanks It can take some time before it verifies, great :) If you
have any additional questions let me know! im reading the webmaster
tools you sent.. so google search console is what i should set up right?
Yep! I would like to know how to get my website to show up on google
when I use certain key words? Hey There is not really a magical formula
on how to get your site on Google Ok thank you However, it's important
that the content on your site is very well structured, and that you use
the important words often in your content. Putting the words that you
want people to search for in page titles, for example We have a guide on
some tips and tricks that you can use: Ok thank you This is a good
starting point for everything related to search engines, actually: Does
that answer your question? I would be really grateful if you could
please help me. I would like my blog to reach a wider audience. I have
bought the personal pack which I think is meant to have stuff to help
increase its fundability (SEO?) but I am really not sure how I go about
it. Thank you so much. Diarmid Hi Diarmid. sorry not fundability; it
should have read findability or whatever the technical expression is!
Here at WordPress.com, we handle many of the behind the scenes mechanics
of Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) on your behalf. For example, themes
are built to make it easy for search engines to crawl their content and
we automatically notify Google each time you publish new content. This
leaves you to focus on the task of publishing good quality and
consistent content. There's also a few things you can do to help boost
your site's ranking detailed in the following guide: I also recommend
getting involved in the WordPress.com challenges on our Daily Post blog.
It's a great way to introduce yourself to the community and promote
yourself: https://dailypost.wordpress.com/ Thank you. Is my package
limiting the SEO thing in any way? WordPress.com Business includes some
extra SEO options but it's still possible to rank highly with the lower
cost plans. You're most welcome! Take a look through those guides I
linked to and let us know if questions come up. :) How can I get my site
to come up on google with the keys words Newport and yoga? At the moment
it is not showing up. I see you have those keywords in your site title
which is important. Also, I suggest creating more content on your site
with those keywords. Here are some tips about creating SEO optimized
posts:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Thank you. Should I up grade to a business site yet? We do have some
advanced SEO features in the WordPress.com Business plan, but still
those keywords that you're targeting are competitive. So it would be
best to just create more content around your topic. Does that help to
clarify? Thanks that's great. I'll try this first. It important to add
profile links? Are you referring to the sites in your WordPress.com
profile? If so, that's so that people that access your WordPress.com
profile can see the sites that you're associated with But that doesn't
necessarily help SEO. If you want to learn more about SEO take a look
here: https://moz.com/learn/seo You're welcome! Is there anything else
that I can help with at the moment? I'm going to close this window on my
end, but feel free keep typing if you have any other questions!
Hello,\nI have a general question. When I'm searching my website on
Google, I found it on the 6th page.\nIs there way to up my position by
using Wordpress ? Google uses it's own systems for determining a page's
ranking there's a lot of factors, including the location of the person
making the search We offer some suggestions:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ but in the end, the
only way to guarantee placement on Google is to pay Google (that's their
business model) By using AdWords ? Is there an other way to pay Google
to be at the top position ? Sure. If you follow the link I provided
above we explain how search engines work, and give some advice Ok, I'm
going to read it. Thank you ! you're welcome! content is really the best
thing to focus on first. SEO is kind of that last little sweetner on the
website sundae insert file robots I'm happy to help. I'm not sure I
understand. Could you tell me more about what you're trying to do? yes.
i've just done public my site. one the google result research the site
is: https://www.google.it/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant=1=2=UTF-8#q=residenceanticaviaostiense.com
not description Great. If you just made it public, sometimes it takes
some time for Google to see it that way. While we inform search engines
of changes to your site immediately, it can take them 3 to 4 weeks for
them to index your site. It can also take time for search engines to
list your site near the top of the results, and there is no simple way
to fix this because it is up to search engines.\n\nTo expedite things, I
recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ and the
message: problem with file robots If you wait a bit longer and try the
tips above that should help. :) ok. thanks You’re welcome! i've just
open an google search console account can resolve the problem with this?
It may help, yes, but it is up to Google how soon they update their
settings i do the directions on this page:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ i just do it Yes,
sometimes that can speed up Google seeing your site and adding it to
their listings :) ok. but don't have I to insert file robot on my URL
domain? No, that was there because your site was private, but it will go
away once Google sees you made it public i can't have access on the main
site directory? No, it will change on its own now that your site is
public so, what i have to do in this moment? have i to wait? Yes, it can
take up to a couple weeks for Google to see your site as public. \nIf
you are interested in increasing traffic to your site, you may find the
following documents helpful:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/\n
so i have not do insert any file robots for site indexing? No, it will
do that on its own. The robot file was there because the site was
private, but we removed it when you made it public. ok. thank. good
evening If you have any additional questions let me know, or you can
find us again at https://wordpress.com/help My site is too hard to find
and DOES NOT appear in searches using key words my customers would use.
I am very frustrated and feel I have wasted my money.\nI would be very
grateful if you could show me where I went wrong, or what I should do to
have my site found.\nRegards,\nDoug Haddad Hi Doug :) I can hear your
concern. WordPress.com automatically sends notifications to Google when
you create a new site. And also with every post and page update you
publish. Google and other search engines can take 4-6 weeks or more to
add any new sites. I see you added the domain only 5 days ago. So I
suggest you wait at least few weeks for your site to be indexed by
Google. Hi thank you, I didn't know it could take a few weeks. I have
opened the links you sent and will read up on it. Sounds like a plan :)
No problem! If you have any additional questions let me know, or chat
with us again at https://wordpress.com/help/contact Salve,\nCome
indicizzare il sito su google??\nDevo integrare un seo??\n SEO is built
in with WordPress.com, as long as the site is public Which
martinaleathers.com already is You can read about SEO here:
http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ I am
trying to verify my pinterest account with my wordpress blog and am
getting confused.. hoping you can help i need to paste a meta tag Add it
to the section of the index.html file of your website before the
section\ and im not sure where i am to go to paste it sorry, does what
im asking make sense? right, actually, if you have the code for it,
you'll want to add it on
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/kiteenscloset.com oh awesome! yes
thats exactly where i need to include it. thank you so much you’re
welcome, and feel free to chat again with us :) ok thanks! When I try to
search one of my products on Google, it says: Crash Barrier Roll Forming
Machine for W Beam Guardrails -
MAXON\nhttps://www.mtc-china.com/products/.../crash-barrier-roll-forming-machine.../7921846\nA
description for this result is not available because of this site's
robots.txt\nLearn more was this site set to Private, until recently Yes
a few days ago back to Public but almost 10 days Google takes sometime
to refresh its index. it may go several days sometimes.. You can try by
submitting your site manually to google through this link though
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/submit-url?pli=1 it may help
speed this up a bit ok thanks. Further.. here is an article that will
help you with search engines in more detail By the way, shall I submit
my site manually regularly? Once your site starts getting indexed, you
need not do it. Google will do that automatically Ok I see. You are free
to do it, however best to leave it to the automated process. If we keep
prodding manually it may cause delays too sometimes The submit option is
good for situations like the one we have now.. when the entire site has
been made public or if its address has changed Really appreciate it. I
am awared of it now Collaborate hi. two sets of issues. issue 1 - users
and collaboration. Can you elaborate a bit more on that please ? what i
need to do is: 1. invite users. 2. assign rights (i.e. author, editor).
my questions - 1. will invited authors need a wordpress.com account?
Yes, that's right Anyone that needs to be invited and have a role, needs
a WordPress.com account thanks. 2. will they need a gravatar account?
That's automatically created when they sign up for WordPress.com, so
nope, not needed ok. thanks. first set of issues sorted out. You're
welcome next issue - moving an existing blog from .org to .com. i have
read the tutorials, and it looks pretty simple. i also think i can sort
out the domain mapping. from an seo perspective, will this be two
seperate sites. i will keep selfhost the app site, and want to run the
blog on wordpress.com You will keep the self-hosted site active? Sorry
didn't quite get you this is how it will work. 1. i will be running a
dealsite on zapreneur.com using WooCommerce. That will be self-hosted.
2. i wnat to host the blog will be hosted on wordpress.com. Ah, got it.
Currently, do you have the blog active? Or it's not created yet? If so,
where does the blog live - do you have a link to it
https://zapreneur.com currently, just a blog. moving towards creating an
app :) OK got it - so with this change, zapreneur.com will turn into a
dealsite. Blog can live at blog.zapreneur.com then? This will indeed
impact SEO, as you'd be changing the contents of your site, and also the
address yes. you have it correct. it makes sense from my perspective (as
a non-technical founder) to do it this way, as the dealsite would have
fewer plugins etc. Gotcha is there a way to \link\ the two sites (i.e.
zapreneur.com (self-hosted) and blog.zapreneur.com) You can cross-link,
like place a link on each site to the other one. ok. let me think about
that. one last question - is there anyway to add a calculator to a
wordpress.com site? maybe embed a google sheet? You should be able to
embed a Google Sheet Some steps here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-docs/#sheets in short you need
the embed code from the sheet you're working on - and paste the code in
your pages/posts ok. great. thanks for all the helpful replies.
wordpress.com is so much simpler than hosting on my own. You're so
welcome! :) Glad to be of help We'll be here if any questions come up
Dear wordpress, I contact you regarding the title of website and each
page and the meta description. \nRegarding the homepage, How I can do to
insert a meta title and a meta description ? \n\nRegarding the other
page, I assume that I just have to enter the meta balise in the HTML
section ?\n\nBest regards We take care of the SEO for your site in
WordPress.com so you don't need to worry about inserting this. You can
find more information about this in these links:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ and
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ Ok, but
how I can choose the meta descritpion and the meta title I want ? For
example, I choose the website title, I assume that is linked to the meta
title. The meta title will be generated with the same title and tagline
you define for your site Yes, that is correct However, I choose the
\slogan\ but it seems to be considered as the meta title too So I don't
know how to choose the meta description for home page Is \slogan\ in
your site title or site tagline? For other page I can insert all those
info on each page in the HTML section right ? tagline Yes, that is
correct, the meta title will be formed with Site title and tagline. So
if it is included in any of these two, it will be included. Okey so how
I can choose the meta description for the homepage ? :) That will be
defined by the first lines of your static page (or excerpt if you have
defined one). SEO options can only be edited in Business plans You can
find more information here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/
Ok but in the homepage, I don't have any text so how I wil l be able to
define it ? oh, I see, let me check your site... Thanks for waiting ;-)
I've consulted this here and actually the meta description will be
defined by the Tagline the Site title will define the meta title if you
don't define a tagline, it usually pulls the first post description or
paragraph Okey thanks however, when I define the tagline and check on
some SEO tools, it appears that the tagline is linked to the meta title
what do you usually type in Google when searching for your site? As it's
new right now, I didn't try to search it on google, not sure it's
indexed on it Do I have to do something on wordpress in order to indexed
it ? Moreover, If I want to link it to my google webmaster account, how
can i verify it ? sure, you can verify using these steps: It could take
up to 4 to 6 weeks for your site to be indexed with Google. You can find
more information in this
link:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/\n\n Ok
perfect, thanks regarding the metadescription have you been able to
verify it ? Or it will be better to wait once my website will be indexed
I was able to google your site, I can see this post already:
https://blog.apartinparis.com/paris-by-monuments/ when googling: apart
inn paris touristic blog about paris for each post you publish, the
first lines of that post show up in the meta description Google will
index your site better in the upcoming weeks. Your site's meta
description as mentioned before (if no tagline is described) will be
defined by the first post's paragraph of your front page Ok but when i
defined the tagline, its indicated as the meta description but also as
the meta title, so they is no any way to don't insert it on the meta
title ? Unfortunately, no. Those options can only be changed in the SEO
options available to Business users :( Okey so if I don't succes to have
what I want, with the business plan, i will be able to choose the meta
description I want Yes, that is correct. Business plan has many options
to define your site's meta description, meta titles for you site, pages,
and posts. You can check more info about these tools here: Ok thank you
very much for all your help. Best regards Don't hesitate to contact us
for any other question ;-) Have a good day! I try to put my blog on my
google webmaster tools account, i follow all the step of your video.
However, they said no zone exist for the domain Hi there. Just a moment
while I look into this with you. Ok thanks Are you trying to add it for
this domain? \blog.apartinparis.com\ Or \apartinparis.com\
\https://blog.apartinparis.com\ Can you tell me how you created the
subdomain? For example, do you own the domain apartinparis.com, and you
added a CNAME record to it for blog.apartinparis.com? And did you then
add our name servers to the settings for blog.apartinparis.com to
connect with your WordPress.com site? I'm not sure, it's my channel
manager kigo who created it Ok, no worries. Have you been following
these specific instructions?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Yes but as I have a premium account I follow that
https://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/ Try
using the instructions I pointed you to instead. And add the meta-tag
here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/blog.apartinparis.com That's
under Settings / SEO Thank you it works Perfect! My pleasure :) And for
the analytics can I link it with the premium plan too ? google analytics
That feature is available in the Business Plan. Ok that's why I
understood thanks for the info Anytime. :) Chat with us when you need
anything else. Hey, I have a questions on my adwords... the statistics
on my site haven't been updated for this year... is there a reason? My
views have drastically increased so i wanted to see how close I was and
checked and it hasn't been updated? I'll take a look at your account,
just a moment I see you have stats up to the end of December January
numbers are due to be posted at the end of February, I believe I'll
double-check that with the team, just a moment okay so it's a month
behind for that how many views do I need to get to get the revenue
increased for payouts to be more? Honestly, I don't know – but I'm
fairly certain that thresholds like that change all the time. They're
based on the amount that advertisers bid for traffic on your site. If
the bids are low, it takes more traffic to make revenue. how can i tell
where our site stands now The bidding factors change all the time too –
they might be targeting a certain geographical area that your site does
or doesn't have readers from, or a certain topic, etc. Even if your
pageviews go way up, revenue is paid based on how many pageviews had
paying ads on them, so there isn't always a direct correlation. It will
take time and experience to get a sense of how the market is treating
your site. is there a way to gage where we stand now? What do you mean
by 'where we stand'? Do you mean an evaluation of whether your content
or audience is attractive to advertisers? No, unfortunately. The
advertisers change all the time too, so that's not something we can
provide. yeah like how I can strive to get our monthly payments higher
of $1000 or more okay so the goal though is with content to get readers
to actually go to the articles to increase views for their ads too?
Absolutely. Lots of traffic to content that is attractive enough to
advertisers that they'll buy those ad placements on your site. It's a
difficult balance! okay and each day watch for more views per article as
a gage to kinda know that advertisers will want to advertise on my site
because of that and the backend I can see is updated a month behind
basically Sure, there are a number of techniques. You can work to
increase your SEO and social marketing to bring more people to your
site. Would you like me to send you some info by email about increasing
traffic through SEO? yes i definitely would can i set that up now with
your help It's actually built in to our service, WordPress.com hosting
just works very well with search engines. However, I'll send you tips on
boosting that. okay is it simple to follow Sent! You will see, and you
can reply back to us if you have questions. which email was it sent too?
I have setup a monetary system, I just want to make sure everything is
setup correctly. I have the system active, and see ads on my site when I
visit it, but my traffic is producing no money how can I fix this. okay
thank you! info@originalpiecemag.com :) just curious if I have to
actually post something on each post or what, I have semi decent traffic
its been a week or so and I have not earned a penny! can you send a copy
to my personal email too heyitscarlyrae@gmail.com *@gmail
heyitscarlyrae@gmail Sure, I can do that. Sent! Have a good day. Okay,
so I see you just set it up. Stats and earnings are updated at the end
of the following month. So February numbers will show by the end of
March. interesting I do want to let you know up front, though, that it
takes many thousands of visitors to start making revenue so it will be 0
until end of march, but it does show that I am accrediting revenue?
gotcha The amount depends on how attractive your content is to
advertisers, time of year, lots of things :) so get posting ha thanks
But you've got a few hundred visits a month, and for sure you will need
much more. I have some tips on working on SEO on WordPress.com-hosted
sites. Would you like me to email them to you so you can go through them
sometime? sure thanks K, I'll send that out in a few minutes
trentont101@gmail.com gah Check back in with us anytime you have
questions not lettting me enter email but you get the idea I can send it
to trentont101@gmail.com get rid of the https :// obv thanks again Have
a good day. When I google my website it comes up as name_logo instead of
as the site title. I don't know how to fix that because I don't know
where it's getting that from, it's not the title of the site or even the
image that is the featured image. Is this happening on
http://elizabethmackenzie.me? I took a screenshot of it but I can't put
that in this chat window Can you upload the image here?
https://elizabethmackenziedotme.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php What
it looks like on google when I google it? Or what the logo is supposed
to be I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you are asking. However, I was able
to search for your site on Google and I see the \name_logo\ site title
showing up. I'm looking into where this may be coming from now. Ok yes
that's the problem I see that right now you have a Site Title, and
Tagline, have you have always had that there or is that new? Right now
your site is set to Private, so the issue is that any changes that you
make to your site right now, Google will not be able to see. In fact,
when Google comes to index your site again, it may switch the site to a
message saying that it cannot index your site. It looks like we've been
disconnected our you're no longer able to respond. If there's anything
you need help with, just let us know! Thanks :) How do I make it not
private? I thought that it was set to Public Sorry I had to go back to
work for a bit You can change the privacy settings of your site using
this guide: https://en.support.wordpress.com/settings/privacy-settings/
It is set to Public Is that what is wrong with the name of the site?
https://elizabethmackenzie.me/ is set to public. Which site are you
talking about? elizabethmackenzie.me I don't even know what the other
one is Yep, we both are checking the same site :) And it is public. Did
you think it was private? no! you just told me it was Cool :) and that i
needed to change my setterings *settings Ah, okay. I just shared the
guide if you want to change the privacy settings. I don't I want to fix
the google thing I think that confused you. Sorry! Can you tell me more
about what do you want to fix with Google? When you google my name My
website shows up But instead of saying my name, or the site name it says
name_logo like that's the name of the website which I don't at all want
it looks like a broken website Let me check your site in Google. If you
google Elizabeth MacKenzie Producer you'll see what I'm talking about
Instead of the name of the website it says name_logo which is ridiculous
It is indeed ridiculous! I see what you mean. Since your site is on
Business plan, there is a way to edit that on your site. Let me check
that for you. I see your site has Site Title and Tagline set in the Site
Identity panel of the Customizer. So eventually Google will pick them up
and update its index with your actual site title and tagline. I suggest
lets give Google few more days, but it can some time take upto few
weeks. Is there anything else I can help you with? Oh man What happened?
Nothing I just didn't realize it takes that long to update That's crazy
Ah yeah, I understand. But the monster that is, Google takes its own
time to update its index :) You request a Google remove a website from
their index through the website removal request tool. But I don't
recommend messing with it. This may remove your website altogether from
Google, which is not what we want anyway. oh ugh i guess not thanks
Alright. I'll close this chat for now. If you need any additional help,
please feel free to start a new chat! Have a great afternoon. Bye :)
How/where do I access and delete this robot.txt file ?\n\n# If you are
regularly crawling WordPress.com sites, please use our firehose to
receive real-time push updates instead.\n# Please see
https://developer.wordpress.com/docs/firehose/ for more
details.\n\nSitemap: http://supportmybusiness.net/sitemap.xml\nSitemap:
http://supportmybusiness.net/news-sitemap.xml\n\nUser-agent:
*\nDisallow: /wp-admin/\nAllow: /wp-admin/admin-ajax.php\nDisallow:
/wp-login.php\nDisallow: /activate/ # har har\nDisallow: /cgi-bin/ # MT
refugees\nDisallow: /mshots/v1/\nDisallow: /next/\nDisallow:
/public.api/\n\nUser-agent: IRLbot\nCrawl-delay: 3600\n\n# This file was
generated on Thu, 02 Feb 2017 00:17:57 +0000 Ok so this, is not
accessible, that's not something we give access to on WordPress.com So
can you remove it for me ? Because it's preventing search engines from
finding my website. No, we can't. Your site is indexed en search
engines. Let me show you That's what I see if I do a research for your
site: https://cloudup.com/cr7g07RSOm7 But in your example you have typed
in the full website address. If you just search on key words the website
isn't found. Google console is telling me this is because the robots.txt
file is preventing search engines fining my site. Right - that's another
issue SEO is a very competitive environment, especially keywords like
\business\ related keywords Your site is indexed, but if you want to
rank better, you have a lot of competition to face. We have a few guides
to recommend, let me show you This:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ and
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ OK thanks, I'll look at
them. The robots.txt file worries me though, because I have another
website for another business and it's file looks much healthier -
User-agent: *\nCrawl-delay: 2 I understand, unfortunately that's not
something we have access to Who does have access to it ? Some on our
staff, but it can't be modified, that's not an option we give to our
users. I understand that you don't want users to be able to access files
but surely if I am asking you to edit the file on my behalf to remove
'disallow' commands you should be able to do that for me ? I personally
don't have access to it, and even if I did I wouldn't be allowed to. You
understand that if it was something I was allowed to do I would have
done it already :) I do understand yes. Is there someone else I can ask
who does have access ? No, I can transfer you to another of my
colleagues, but the answer will be the same If search engines are
prevented from finding my Wordpress website there is no point in me
having a Wordpress website. So are you advising me to migrate my site to
another provider ? They are not prevented, as you saw in my screenshot
The fact that you aro not ranking well on the keyword you'd like to rank
on has nothing to do with our txt file How to install Yoast seo? Can I
install in my premium account? It is not possible to upload plugins to
WordPress.com because it could generate security issues, but we have
tons of cool features out-of-the-box. We have some SEO advanced options,
but they are only available in the WordPress.com Business Plan and the
Jetpack Professional Plan for your self-hosted site.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ In Plugins section I can see
Jetpack by WordPress.com as Active. Does it mean something related with
seo? nope, it does not. It is possible to configure some SEO fields on
My Site > Settings > SEO, but the Advanced SEO settings are available
only on the Business plan Ok thank you so much for the help. Hello! I´d
like to use SEO-services...how can I do it, if I have payed already
personal packet? I need more effective for optimize to Raivarit
Hyväntekijä? Is it possible to use SEO with that personal site? The
basic SEO features should be included in your plan. here are some more
details about current WordPress SEO features There are more advanced SEO
Tools to enhance your online presence included in the Business Plan
https://wordpress.com/pricing/ Hi, i don't find my website on google , i
write \grandinetthimarmi.com\ but i don't find nothing. thanks. Thank
you! We have started do some sites for clients...and we have problem,
cause site: www.kiinteistojuvonen.com...noone can find it, even it has
been already exist 2 months? give me a second to take a look at your
site and see if I can help you out Hi! To answer your question, it takes
a couple of weeks before search engines display new sites. :) Thanks...
I can explain how it works Google's robots (and other search engines)
\crawl\ the web daily looking for new content. When they find a new
site, it takes a little while for it to be displayed properly when
searched for by people. ah ok, i understood , so i just only wait. Yep
:) Note that you can help search engines find you by submitting your new
site to their indexation services. Google for example has a tool called
\Search Console\ which allows you to submit your site:
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/ We have a guide with more
details if you'd like: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/
There are not many things that I can do, but I will recommend you some
more references to enhance your SEO settings also we would recommend you
to switch your site from english because your content is not in english
here is a quick guide to help you change the blog's language
https://en.support.wordpress.com/language-settings/ for more insights
into your search results indexing you should create an account with
Google Search Console https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/home they
will notify you about your site, errors and helpful suggestions How we
can do it....I mean change a language, cause their clients are only in
finnish...? Can you explain, why google gives wrong site.....TRYTHIS:
wirte \kiinteisto juvonen\ in google...why google show only one
picture...\kuva 1\? Why it cant find site even we putthatsite name in
google? We cannot rely verify why Google is not indexing some pages,
your site seems public and has proper meta SEO tags try using Google
Search Console for your site they will notify you of any irregularities
Ok---we will make it, thanks :)) sure thing If there's nothing else I
can help you with. Have a great day Same to you...so good you havethis
chat<3 Hello...I have question about google site verification services?
I dont know to where I should load this? Howdy! Sure, I can help you
with that. You're wanting to verify your site via Google, correct?
jep--- Gotcha. So you will want to keep this handy:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-integration/#sitedomain-validation
That has some information about domain validation, and then you have
more detailed instructions here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Be sure to select \Alternative Methods\ while you're in Google's
webmaster tools in order to get the HTML tag you need. Please feel free
to open a new chat window if you need further assistance! I loaded html
file, I tried to export it but failed. I tried to take the code as well,
and pasted it to \box\ like . I followed all the tips, but got answer
they weren't able to verify my site. Can you send me a screenshot of the
error that you're getting from Google? I'm afraid that we're a little
limited in what we can support if there's an error on Google's end since
we don't control that, but I can try and see where something may have
gone awry. Also, the ONLY option is to add the HTML meta tag. You can't
upload that file to your WordPress.com site for security reasons.
Kohteen http://www.raivarit.com/ vahvistus epäonnistui käyttäen
HTML-tiedosto menetelmää (alle minuutti sitten). Vahvistustiedostoa ei
löydy.\nVahvista sivuston http://www.raivarit.com/. omistajuus.
Lisätietoja.\nSuositeltu menetelmä Vaihtoehtoiset menetelmät
Historia\nSuositus: HTML-tiedoston lataaminen\nLähetä HTML-tiedosto
sivustoosi.\n1. Lataa tämä HTML-vahvistustiedosto.
[googledf3530e41cd105c9.html]\n2. Lataa vahvistustiedosto osoitteeseen
http://www.raivarit.com/\n3. Vahvista, että lataus onnistui, käymällä
selaimellasi osoitteessa
http://www.raivarit.com/googledf3530e41cd105c9.html .\n4. Valitse
Vahvista alla.\nSäilytät vahvistuksen, kun et poista HTML-tiedostoa,
vaikka vahvistus onnistuisi.\n Okay, I'm going to have to translate that
using Google Translate. :-) One moment please. So, we try put that code
to SEO page...that we can get better optimize. Okay, that looks like
it's instructions for uploading the HTML file to your site, which isn't
possible. You need to use the Alternative Method of adding the HTML tag.
Okay. Ok, I try now Okay, souinds good! Still there? I'll go ahead and
close this chat window, but you're more than welcome to open a new one
if you need more help! I think my website is a bit messed up please can
you help? Of course! That's what we're here for. How can I help? when I
search online using my name Jonathan Fifield counselling I find several
pages on Workers which look all disjointed. Also, all my site traffic
seems to be in Brazil? Also, I would like to change my work address but
cannot remember how to find how to do that google not workers, lol Okay,
just so I don't get confused, let's take it one thing at a time. :-)
Gotcha! So what do you mean by \disjointed\ when you search for your
name in Google? Can you clarify a bit what that looks like? well instead
of seeing my frontage I find other older versions of the website I built
several months ago Thanks for similar Q? answered yesterday - but, I set
up my new account 14.02, if I type the site into browser as direct link,
or a search, it is not accessible via Browser. Only access at moment
seems to be via by login / admin access - Can you let me know please if
my new set-up, so far, is \published\ to web &/or how long it will take
to show up and be traceable via a search or address input? Thanks Hello
again! Yeah, no problem. Let me take a look for you. So Google is
entirely separate from us, and we really can't control how they display
their search results, or when they decide to \de-rank\ older results in
favor of newer ones. Did you just finish setting up your site here? As
in, just in the last few weeks? ok. yes not long ago but I don't feel it
looks as slick as some other Wordpress sites I have visited Everything
looks like it checks out alright on my end. I can access the site with
no problems. What browser are you using? Give it time! I always
recommend that users publish the best site they can now, and then
continue tweaking it/polishing it as they go, rather than waiting until
it's perfect. And your issue about Google only makes that more critical.
The older your site gets, the better/more traffic it will get from
Google. Tried as we typed and it opened... Google ......Also, that when
I could find it it appears to be editable - i.e. it has the my site icon
at top left, but I've not logged in, so is it secure?? And over time, it
will eventually bump off (or at least de-rank) those older sites. Google
likes sites that are updated frequently. that makes sense. I actually
learned Dreamweaver 4 many years ago so I understand basic CSS and HTML
codes but I really struggle to navigate on changing anything like the
sidebars that show my work address and contact details It will take some
time for it to appear in Google. As you add content it should start
showing up. The site is very secure. You must still be logged in. Yeah.
I hear ya! It can be a challenge, how things change so quickly. We ARE
constantly working on making things more intuitive on WordPress.com, so
thank you for hanging out with us! One test to check this out that I
always try is to open the site with an incognito browser in the Google
Chrome browser. Okay, so hopefully I answered your first question about
Google search results? Did you have another one about that? I couldn't
see any editing options on your site. Is it possible to add SEO to
premium without moving to small business package? I really like that
theme you picked out. no thats it for Google and I understand now
thanks. The next issue is my site traffic seemed to be all in Brazil and
I am in the UK. Is this normal? hi ok thanks for this - will continue to
progress content - thanks for help on this Ah, now that's also a Google
question, I just realized. lol I curently have a premium package lol SEO
is on every WordPress.com site, Business plans have more options
Anytime, happy to help :) So...yeah I wish I could tell you how Google
works. I'd be like a billionaire now! :-D but i am interested in SEO let
me give you some links with information about it Don't hesitate to come
back if you have any other questions. Thankyou that will be useful ok,
then nothing to worry about then by the sounds of it. So my other issue
is I cannot seem to edit the sidebar I will say that if you *continue*
to mostly get Google traffic from Brazil, then yes, please let us know
and we'll see if something is wrong. But honestly it may just be
Google's real-time adjusting of its search indexing results. Give it a
few more weeks, and if you're constantly getting only enquiries from
Brazil, then yes, please do let us know! How to Publish Posts that
Search Engines Will
Love':\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n\nSEO
and your
blog:\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nAll
about SEO on WordPress.com:
\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n
Okay, re: the sidebar. Let me fire up your site real quick. thankyou I
will follow these up You can take a look at the things that you can do
with your plan and then decide if you need more control over it :) Ah,
you're referring to the section titled \Practice Address\? yes thats
right I need to change the address Thankypu Sure thing! So what you'll
need to do is go to your Customizer in your dashboard. There's a menu
item on the left called WIDGETS. Or you could also just click on the
little pencil thingy above that widget area in the Customizer -- that
will open it up for editing as well. ok I will just have a look now No
rush! I'll be here. ok I can see the following options on the left after
selecting customise edit = Featured Image, Page Attributes, Sharing and
More options but I can't see Widgets Oh, you're in the page editor mode.
You'll need to go to MY SITES on the top left. Click on that. Then
you'll be back to your site's main dashboard. On the left you should see
the main menu. ok this is where I get totally confused and seem to get
stuck in a loop Now I can see Widgets It's okay! I can walk you through
it! Excellent! Okay, do you see the one for your Practice Address? Now I
am lost again I can see the stats graph and options on the left side but
not Widgets still with me? hi there where can i edit the canonical rel
link Hello. right now the rel is showing as below want to change it to
below Do you have the same content showing in multiple places? possible
why do u ask i do not have multiple websites with same content I'm
looking to understand why you want to edit the canonical rel links :)
Those are often used to tell search engines your URLs are the same, so
you don't get dinged on search engines. What did you want to use it for
instead? Here's some more info on what the canonical links are used for
- it may explain that setup better than I have:
https://yoast.com/rel-canonical/ ok got it thanks, bye You're welcome!
If there's a particular SEO item you'd like help with, let me know :) I
believe I recently upgraded to business level for my blog
(southernarizonaortho). Can you describe what the benefits are? I'm
hoping to improve SEO. When I google myself -- even using the entire
domain -- I haven't appeared at the top of the first page. Thanks! -
Neal Jones Hi there@ Let me look into your account real quick. Just a
moment! Can you check to see if I've upgraded to the business level? I
just paid via cc 30 minutes ago or so. Thanks! Yes, that looks about
right. It's on your account and fully active. Let me give you a few more
details on the Business Plan. Cool. Thanks! When will the SEO begin to
take effect? To rank my blog higher on searches? The most important
benefits that the Business Plan has, are unlimited use of Premium
themes, Google Analytics integration and SEO tools. So, I paid for one
year today? Is this automatically renewed? And I only did the business
upgrade for this single domain, right? I have a few other domains that
direct to the southernarizonaortho, but didn't wish to upgrade those.
Thanks! Do I personally need to activate the Google Analytics
integration or SEO tools? Yes, just for this domain, and it will be
renewed every year. Cool... That is correct. For Google Analytics,
you'll need to add your code in the settings of your site and do a
little bit of configuration. We have a full guide for that available
here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-analytics/ As for SEO, the
plan comes with the tools to have better SEO ranking. It is not a module
that will get your site higher in Google instantly. Basically, it will
give you options to customize your page descriptions and other settings
that Google (and other search engines) look for. For that, we also have
a guide! You can find that here: OK. I'll update the settings to enable
the Google analytics. And I'll check out the SEO guide. Thanks! If I
have more questions I'll contact you. Thanks! Any other questions, feel
free to open a new chat. Have a great day! :) I just found that my
Google Analytics Tracking ID number is this: 92044918. But I can't seem
to enter that ID number into the Word Press blog to enable the Google
Analytics feature. Google Analytics is only available on our Business
Plan. My site settings keeps saying \There was a problem saving your
changes. Please try again.\ I just bought the business plan this AM.
Which you have That's right. Let me log into your site and take a look.
I'm hoping to improve the SEO for this blog. Right now it doesn't come
up much at all on Google searches. You were missing some characters.
I've updated it with the following for you: UA-92044918 OK. When I first
typed in the UA part I got some rejection message. Did you enter the
code yourself? I pasted the number you gave me, then appended the \UA-\
part As a business plan user, you also have access to our SEO tools
here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/southernarizonaortho.com
Thanks. I tried to do it myself again, and I'm given some error about
saving your chnages & Invalid ID. Glad it worked for you. Thanks! this
can help you customize and improve your SEO rankings. No problem. Happy
I could help :) If you have any other questions, please feel to reach
out again. Thanks. I'll get back to you if needed. I'll now work on SEO
till I get it to work. Take care... Take care I'm not a genius when it
comes to setting the structure of the pages. What do most people do? For
the Front Page, for example, do they allow the \site title\ and
\tagline\ to be added? Am I to type anything into the space below \Front
Page\, \Posts\, \Pages\, etc? I just want the pages to be found by as
many people as possible. Thanks! It would be a good practice to
customize your site title and tagline for all pages. The \Front Page\,
\Posts\, \Pages\ fields allow you to set patterns so this is automated.
I guess I don't know what that means. For the Front Page I write a
description for the entire site? Does Google and other search engines
read these? But the public doesn't see it? That's right. This is what
Google reads. This post has some really good descriptions for what each
of those fields do: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ So, it
makes sense for me to put a general description under \Front Page.\
However, under \Posts\ I will be doing a variety of topics in the future
and have no idea what to write today. Same with \Pages\ and \Tags\. Not
sure what to do under those headings. Under posts, you could do
something like the example where you have your \Post title | Site title\
The options selected in the screenshots on this post are good defaults
to set: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ Sorry, checkout this
link: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#custom-title-formats
it's a little further down the page. OK. Thanks! Till I learn more about
what I'm doing I prefer to go with simple but good default settings.
Will setting things this way increase the SEO for the site? It doesn't
search very well right now. Thanks! It will definitely help. There are
some more tips outlined further down the page on this post if you'd like
to take a look:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ OK. I'm
changing the settings to match the 2nd link gave above. How do I create
that straight line, separating \Page Title\ from \Tagline\, for example?
It's on the keyboard above the return button. You can copy and paste it
here too: | Cool. Thanks! No problem Is the \Front Page Meta
Description\ to be well-written sentences? Or just a bunch of keywords,
describing the business? The meta description is what shows up in search
engines when a page is searched. You'll want it to be well written Did I
not have one of these in any form? That couldn't have helped those
searching for this blog, right? Yes there was one in place before. It
was the tagline for your site in your settings page. Although the meta
description helps, there are a number of other factors that are more
important in page ranking. OK. But putting in these new title structures
makes it even easier for search engines to find us? I hope spending the
addition $ on the business level will pay off. It will help for sure.
Which factors are best and easiest for me to improve? This post has some
great tips:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ It's
about half way down the page. Look for the following title: \Smart ways
to increase your SERP rank\ With business level I can also better
customize the site, right? Use a broader range of themes? You have
access to all the premium themes without additional costs. And you can
use CSS to customize the theme even further. Nice. I'll get back to you,
as needed. Thanks. It's been a productive day so far, as I've been able
to get you (or a colleague) back on this app 3 times now. Thanks! We're
happy to help! Please come back if you have any other questions. Can you
tell me how I can get my site to show up on Google? I did the SEO the
other day--last week I think, any ideas? \n\nAlso when I do Google
\Georgia Cooperative Council\ it shows up one of the pdf (which is
embedded in the site). How can I fix that?\n We automatically create a
sitemap for your site, and submit it to Google
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ However, it's normal
for search engines such as Google to take 4-6 weeks or longer to index a
new site All right. Thank you! In regard to #2, I'm not quite sure I
understand In terms of a fix, what are you picturing? Like if I google
our name. the third link down opens a PDF file that is embedded on our
site (for our viewers to open). that is the only reference I see.
however, once you click on it, it does not have an option to go to the
site and I didn't know why when I googled the Georgia Cooperative
Council that that PDF is all that shows Ah, I see. How search engines
such as Google work is they \crawl\ a site So if you've uploaded a PDF
to your site, and linked it somewhere, it's fair game Gotcha! I just
wish it would pull the site and not just a PDF lol But, you may want to
consider using a service like CloudUp or Google Docs to \embed\ the PDF,
instead of uploading it directly to your site Okay, I might try that!
Thank you! How do I find another theme? For example, I'm thinking if I
ran a Star Wars business I could find a theme with star, galaxies, etc.
Do I have an option like this? Or I am only able to modify the color
palette? Looks like I have the Canape theme. Can I switch to another
theme? Yes, you can switch. Where do I go to make that change? Checkout
the themes on this page: https://wordpress.com/design Lots more options,
now that I'm at the business level, right? These look good. Yeah, that's
right. So you might not find a Star Wars theme. But you could find
something you like and customize it with colours and images so that it
looks like a Star Wars theme. My Canape doesn't look like the one listed
on the link. Does it come down to where I put headers, footers, images,
etc? Yeah, there are some customization options available to you. This
page outlines how to customize it like the demo:
https://wordpress.com/themes/canape
http://cdhavencentre.co.uk/room-hire/\n Hi Guys, please can you help
asap with the images not displaying on the for-mentioned page as my
customers site went live today and it doesnt look good as they were
displaying yesterday http://cdhavencentre.co.uk/room-hire/ So, for those
images, I'd recommend editing the page https://wordpress.com/pages/ and
removing them, and re-adding them ok, will do, secondly this site is not
displaying anywhere on the search engines can i do anything? that's
normal for a newer site, it can take search engines 4-6 weeks or longer
to index a new site however, we automatically create a site map for you
and submit it to search engines Need to correct SEO tag OK, which SEO
tag did you need to correct? got it ! can you please suggest what is the
ideal way to give page title structure Front page, posts , pages tags
OK, great. Yep, if you don't have anything specific in mind, we have a
suggestion for each section here: i have gone through that Under this
section:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#custom-title-formats oh
great Cool. Did you have any other questions? any tips for SEO I want to
rank my site Yep, I hear ya. We do have some great SEO resources
available. You can check them out here: (y) You bet! All set for now?
Great. Feel free to get in touch again if you need anything else, and
we'll be happy to help! Is the personal plan restricted from downloading
outside plug-ins? I'm looking to install Yoast SEO. Outside plugins are
not used at WordPress.com - instead we build in many of the most
sought-after features. For your site's SEO, you can do a lot directly
from WordPress.com's system by default. From connecting to Google and
Bing via their webmaster tools, to adding post/page excerpts and tags -
that's all here out of the box. Take a look at the information here on
getting started with SEO: okay, and this can still be done in the
personal plan? Yup! There are a few additional SEO features added into
the Business plan, but you can get great results in the Personal plan.
okay thank you hi, just trying to get my new website into 'google search
console' and it says I need to download a HTML verification file and
upload it to my website - can you tell me where I should upload it to on
my site? Hi! You should also see an \Alternative Methods\ tab. You'll
need to choose the \HTML tag\ option from that tab, which you can then
copy/paste via My Site > Settings > SEO here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/sierakowskiplumbing.com cool got it.
thanks! good morning\nmy web site deniorigacciphotography\nIt is not
found in any online search es. google or yahoo, what should I do? We
can't control that, WordPress.com will tell search engines whenever you
update your site, but it may take some time for them to index it and
update their system with that information. You may speed that process by
updating your site often with relevant content and adding descriptions
to your images. I need to confirmm that i own my site. Google asked me
to download this file: google-site-verification:
google58cfa94c079aef0f.html and then to upload it to
apostlewilliams.com\n\nVerify your ownership of
https://apostlewilliams.com/. \n\nLearn more.\nRecommended method
Alternate methods\nRecommended: HTML file upload\nUpload an HTML file to
your site.\n\n1. Download this HTML verification file.
[google58cfa94c079aef0f.html]\n2. Upload the file to
https://apostlewilliams.com/\n3. Confirm successful upload by visiting
https://apostlewilliams.com/google58cfa94c079aef0f.html in your
browser.\n4. Click Verify below.\nTo stay verified, don't remove the
HTML file, even after verification succeeds. helooooo We cannot upload
files on wordpress sites, but we can use an alternate method to verify
your site. You can do it directly from our interface rawsome We have a
step by step more visual guide on this here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Let's follow these
steps and you have any questions I will be here. Website not updating in
Google search results, is there a way to speed this process up please?
Google can take up to 4-6 weeks to index a site the best thing to do to
get Google to visit the site more frequently to show changes more
frequently is to consistently add new and fresh content to your site The
more fresh content you have, the more often Google will crawl your site
looking for updates i set a couple of other sites up before and i was
advised of something i could do that you guys advised me of, but i have
forgotten it definately worked though...something about indexing in the
settings? A site here with us is already optimized for search engines
and seo... so steps you may have taken with other sites, are not
necessary here Here are some great tips to increase your SEO: if you
type, www.cdhavencentre.co.uk into the google search bar you see a very
old description that says the site is under construction meta viewport -
can you help guide me to optimizing my \meta viewport\ for mobile? I see
that this domain was mapped 10 days ago... so as I mentioned above, it
will take some time for Google to re-index the site Here is some
additional info on this: We don't have access to this here at
WordPress.com, but to access your site meta information, you can go to
My Site-> Settings -> SEO in there, you will find your meta description.
Your site is responsive, so it is already set for mobile One more
thing... since you do have the Business Plan with us, you can access our
SEO webinar for help with your site: https://wordpress.com/help/courses
On your courses page. Thank you I will Thank you :) Awesome! Thanks so
much and Have a great day! I am wondering how to make my blog find-able
if someone just typed in my name in a random google search. Please help.
I am not Receiving the email needed to confirm my email address and as a
result my website has been disabled! I'm very very stressed as i have
been advertising my website and as a result business seems to have
slowed right down. please help im very panicked about this. Which email
address are you checking when looking for the verification email?
physiquespraytans@outlook.com The contact address used when the domain
was registered is kelleyszostak@oulook.com\n Hi there! Let me see if I
can find some information for you on that. would you mind checking that
inbox, including the spam folder? hello- i noticed someone tried to
comment or ? on a media file and this blank page showing was showing up
in Google search. I only want the 5 main pages of my site to show up in
search - not a comment on a media file (esp if not comment was actually
seen?). I removed commenting functionality and tried to remove the page
but I am not able to. I tried deleting the media but now the page shows
a 404 error. is there anyway to get rid of this page so it doesn't show
up in search or redirect it? thanks Hello there. nothing there Let me
take a look into your account and see. What you are referring to is what
is called Search Engine Optimization or SEO. Here is a page that you can
read more about SEO: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Try searching
the entire inbox What's the search term you use to bring up the media
file? Okay. Thank you. and what's the corresponding url that it sends
people to. Even if it's been deleted? There is no one thing. It is more
a process of things over time. If that makes sense? what email address
does it come from We've recently switched registrars, but search your
Outlook.com for your domain name no nothing Okay. So, in this case, you
may need to change the email address you've listed as the contact
address You can do that from here: https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/
once that's done, we'll resend the verification email i thought i
already did that
https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/physiquespraytans.com/contacts-privacy/physiquespraytans.com
sorry how do i do this from the above link, let's try entering another
email try a non-Outlook.com one, if you have one That's all I was
curious about -- I just didn't want to miss a step if there was
something specific I needed to do. Thanks again! Appreciate it! i dont
have on1 one You are welcome! Have a great day! If you need any
additional help, feel free to start a new chat! ok changed it to
physiquespraytans hello here is the url
https://dpartfest.com/16427366_370533009983329_803747030926804764_n-2/
now, check physiquespraytans@outlook.com there should be an email to
confirm changing the email address What's the search term that brings up
the url? We can hide the url from Google with Google's remove url tool.
Here's a link with some instructions:
https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/1663419?hl=en oh great!
thanks. i actually can't remember the search term i used...i saw it in
my Google anaytics and i couldn't figure out what it was so i searched a
few terms (this was a couple days ago). i'll try to remove it. thannks
again! No problem. Please come back if you have any other questions. not
coming through ok got one finally great! just clicked the link in the
email super still not working now you're verified web page is still down
It'll take some time to update the DNS, I recommend giving it a couple
hours but it could be sooner ok also i have a few other questions sure!
as this is the first time i am using anything like this i was wondering
if there was a how to guide or videos i can use to help set up my page
we have both https://en.support.wordpress.com/start/ at the min its a
little unfinished and looks a bit shabby Plus, we have a small business
specific tutorial, too: https://en.support.wordpress.com/tutorials/
brilliant! need to make the most of my money also with the package i
have is there a way to have it look less like a blog and more like a
website? Yup! Once you choose a theme, like the one mentioned here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/tutorials/business-website-tutorial/
you'll set a \static front page\ Having a blog is optional also do you
know if there is a way to add an online booking system to the site for
appointments That we don't have at the moment We're exploring options
for adding those types of features in the future, but for now it's not
possible damn! ok if i have issues setting up is this chat available
24/7? We're available during business hours, and we try to be available
24/5, with specific hours on the weekends ok uk or US business hours?
USA also is there a tutorial for driving more views to the site? We
offer some SEO suggestions:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ thanks for your help oh
do you know how to stop pages opening in new windows on my webpage? btw
its up and running In your menu editor, in the customizer there's a
checkbox to open links in a new window uncheck that box where is it?
sorry where is it? Grabbing a screenshot for you
http://cld.wthms.co/3LU0 yours are currently unchecked, so it may be
something specific to your browser ohh right i cant find it anyways I am
trying to verify my Word Press site with Pinterest!\nI read that you
should use the word press domain name.. so that is my connection on
Pinterest.\n\nI got this from pinterest \nmeta name=\p:domain_verify\
content=\9edf25587e064cf2ae24f87afe5d7749\/>\n\nThen go to Wordpress: WP
Admin…. Tools …. verify Pinterest and this
remains....\n9edf25587e064cf2ae24f87afe5d7749 ..... click save......
don't close it.....\nThen go back to Pinterest to verify... (at least 10
times...) and nothing happens!!!!\n You'll want to copy that \meta tag\
information into the Pinterest field, under your SEO settings
https://wordpress.com/settings/general/ I have dot=n that before too! I
re did this under site verification services ..saved settings... clicked
finish for Pinterest! Can you copy the meta tag you're copying from
Pinterest into this chat? this is my default domain
http://primarilylearning.net I used
https://primarilylearning1.wordpress.com/ and I have used the default
name on Pinterest try it again from this link:
https://pinterest.com/website/verify/ I've copies and pasted, ...saved
and finished... Pinterest takes me to my site when I click finish... but
analytics ...says... want to see more? Confirm my website..... You may
want to A) clear your browser cache and start fresh or B) check with
Pinterest to see if they're having issues with the verification process
I double-checked your entry, and you've entered the meta tag correctly I
want to register my site with google search console, but can't find
where to do that. This article doesn't match what I see on wordpress.
Are you following this guide
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ ? Just checking, are
you still there? It looks like you've left. I'll be closing this chat
for now, but feel free to start a new one whenever you're ready. Have a
great day :) Hi! I used that article I'm unable to find the SEO tab
Okay, let me see. Can you try going to
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo directly ? where on the page do i add
the html/meta code? Do you see the iput boxes for GOogle, Bing,
Pintereset etc? Hm, that is strange. let me check what is happening
here. Hm, I'm not sure what's happening here. Would it be okay if I send
you an email to follow up for sure Great! I'll do some research, and
will send you an email. much appreciated Can you share the verification
meta tag from Google search console her, so I can try using it there?
sure one minute I will do some research, and will get back to you as
soon as I have something .Thank you for your patience :) great, thank
you for all of your help hello,\nHow can I attract more visitors to my
site? That is very complicated question :) One thing you could do is
enhance your rankings for search engines like google Ok. How do I do
that? Having better SEO settings might help your site be found more
easily by new visitors We have a couple of guides that can help you with
SEO here https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ You have to know that
there is no guarantee and attracting more visitors can be a long process
Hi, \nI would like to wether cancel my account and being refund or keep
my account but assign a new domain name to it. What would be the best
solution that you can offer to me. I'v think about it and I want to
change the subject of my website. \n\nDaniel Howdy Let me take a look. I
follow you You have the custom domain beerbrewingguru.com, purchased
about two weeks ago Yes and now, i don't really want to start my new
website on that domain... Is it possible to assign a new domain to the
current account so I will not be charge again for and entire year? We
have a few options I'm open to ear it Right now you have two upgrades -
the domain name, beerbrewingguru.com, and also the Personal Plan We can
only cancel and refund domains within the first 48 hours I understand
that so the domain will remain mine for at least a year is that it? So,
if you'd like to start a new site, with a new domain, I can move the
Personal Plan over to the new site Ok that's exactly what I'm looking
for I can also set it up so you can purchase the new domain at only $18,
rather than buying a new plan Would that work? The new domain will cost
me 2.99 for the first year on godaddy Sure, you are always free to
register a domain with another provider, however, to display a site
hosted with us at a domain registered elsewhere, you'll need the Domain
Mapping upgrade I do think that the best solution would be... I register
the new domain name and than you transfer my plan on that new domain...
don't you think? and how it's the domain mapping upgrade? huw much?
Domain mapping is $13 / year So there's some savings there for you for
the first year, but there is also the inconvenience of having your
internet products spread across multiple providers Whatever you'd prefer
to do, I'm happy to help I have a question for you Sure, lay it on me
Hoe much will it cost to me to register my domain name every year
through wordpress? After the 18$ of the first year? With the Personal
Plan, the domain is included in the renewal, so domain plus hosting plus
the Personal plan is $47.88 I think 47.88 per year? Yep, and that's the
custom domain, site hosting, security, 100% uptime, unlimited bandwidth,
minute by minute backups, etc lol If you want to shop around some and
come back, that's understandable Your a dealer aren't you ;-) I'm here
to help you make the perfect site for you - that doesn't always mean a
site at WordPress.com :) Is my current domain name will be renewal after
the first year... i mean for the beerbrewerguru.com Sure, if you want to
keep that domain, and your new domain, it will be the $47.88 for the
plan (which includes one domain) plus $18 for the additional domain Ok,
Great... I have a website using SBI wich i find really costly but the
website is performing really well on google.... I've still have hard
time to understand how to manage SEO on wordpress.... it there's a place
where I can find information about that... I just hope it will work
better than SBI but for now, I've no indication that this can work. Sure
thing, we have a few resources for that We have a few resources that
might be of service to you. This is our support doc on getting views and
improving traffic:\n http://goo.gl/b3UWIo\n I'd also recommend some
reading about Search Engine Optimization, sometimes called SEO. We have
a blog post about that here:\n http://goo.gl/ufdp02\n We also just had
an SEO webinar, let me see if it was recorded OK so how can I register
the new domain through your website and have my current plan assign to I
will keep the beerbrewerguru for later I'll have to add a domain credit
to your account, and we'll process the payment manually If you'd like to
do that, I can get it started right now We'll also want to get a new
site put together for you, so we can move the Personal Plan over to it
yes but I have a meeting in 13 minutes Proceed to payement manually I
meand I will have to put my credit card number here? Or can it be via
paypal Please don't send your credit card information here :) here is
the domain that i'm looking for... What we can do right now is this Can
you use this link to create a new site >
https://wordpress.com/start/design-type Then I'll move the Personal plan
over, and send you an email with the manual payment request Yes Perfect
The payment will be 18$ right Thank you for the information:) Cool. If
you can get that site created in the next few minutes, I can take care
of the rest while you're at your meeting Yep, $18 ok I'll try it now
berlouts@gmail.com is the best email address for you? berlouts@gmail.com
I have to select personnal account? You should be able to skip the paid
plan altogether the domain name is www.gamztube.com When the credit is
added to your account you'll be able to register any domain you'd like
:) Ok it ask me to pay Hm I've added credits to your account so you can
purchase the Personal plan at no cost to you Can you give that a try?
well i do beleive it will charge my credit card again From what i see
Please refresh the page - I've added $50 in credits So you won't have to
pay again ok i'll do that Excellent submitting payement for now Thank
you everything seems set ! Very good, looks good on my end as well I'll
send you that email right now. Thanks for your patience today! Thank you
really appreciate how to connect google analytical tool with my website?
I am happy to help with your question! Let me take a quick look at your
site :) Great! I am back :) Could you please tell me a bit more about
what you would like to do? i just wanted to track my traffic and get to
know more about it One of the options we have is Webmaster Tools I think
it might be a good option for you if you are interested in it:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ just a tiny minute how
to change the meta tag of my website .......i mean when i search for it
appears like this Narmada motors – Spare Parts for Road Construction
Equipments\nnarmadamotors.in/\nThis is the home page's excerpt i want to
edit the last sentence Are you in your dashboard? Do you site a tab
Settings? from the choices on the left? When you are there, from the
choices on the top, you should see SEO When you click on SEO and scroll
down the page, you should see Front Page Meta Description In this box,
you can edit how your website will be displayed in search engines if you
have other questions, you can ask us anytime! Have a great day! How can
a CSR be ganarated of our WordPress site? When buying the domain from
NetworkSolutions we bought this as well for better Google ranking and we
have been paying it monthly. The site was only finished now, so i wanted
to get this CSR done, but I need to copy / paste a code into the
platform provided by NetworkSolutions - I just don't know how to
generate this on WordPress? Or is it something useless we have been
paying for? Many thanks! Can you paste the code that you are needing to
add here into our chat so I can take a look? Hello - this nis what they
are asking for: \SSL Certificates Submit Certificate Validation
Information\nProvide CSR\nA Certificate Signing Request (CSR) is a body
of text containing encoded information specific to your domain name or
organization. You can get your CSR from your Web hosting provider and
then paste it into the box below. If you do not know your Web host
server software, please contact your hosting provider, or select 'other'
from the drop-down list. \n\nWe will decode your CSR information and you
will be given the opportunity to confirm and/or update your information
before submitting for validation. \nPlease note: The minimum key size
for all SSL Certificates is 2048 bits.\ Enter CSR From Web Host Your
certificate will be provided for your server.\n(SSL Certificates require
key sizes of 2048 bits or higher.)\n\nNote: You must paste the entire
CSR.\n Ok, and this is to help with your search engine optimization? or
something else? It is for Google - they said that Google will be more
into ranking pages and with this we can secure a better position... Here
on WordPress.com, we don't have access o the CSR that you are
requesting, so unfortunately this would not be compatible with a site
hosted here on WordPress.com. It could be that this is common for other
hosting providers with self-hosted WordPress.org sites, I'm not sure. I
was afarid of this answer - we have been paying for this for month as
only now the site was launched, but I did not check if it was working or
if at all was neccesarry with Wordpress.com.... I will now cancel the
subscription... Thanks! You're welcome! I would say that it's probably
not necessary, you can get a good search engine ranking more organically
and usually that is better in the long run. We have a page here with
some information regarding SEO (search engine optimization) that you may
want to check out:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ Thanks -
I am familar with those. Ok, great. Is there anything else that I can
help you with today? No, thanks. Is there any place where i can find
information on how to add a metatag to my website. ? Hello. So I thought
my site would be generation funder from adds by now. But I just checked
and I don't see anything. I thought earningshe were reported the middle
of the month. Any suggestions? Sorry for all the typos. No worries :)
Thanx. WordAds payments are sent the end of the following month;
February will be your first full month with us, so you won't see any
payments or information yet You have relatively low monthly traffic, are
you relying on WordAds alone to monetize your site? Ah, I see, you're
using sharesale as well? Is there something else I could be doing? You
could also work with sponsors or tool companies to do give-aways or
sponsored posts, those usually do well They're a bit more work up front
Really the big key for you right now, I expect, is more traffic. Thanks
so much. No problem! Is there anything else I can help with? I'm trying
to do the SEO thing, but I'm not really sure how to use it. Can you
help? thanks! What exactly is it that you are trying to do with SEO?
Specifically, I wrote the META thing, but I'm not sure how to use it
when I write post. I looked at the SEO page, and I'm not sure what to do
other than what I've already done. thanks! Sorry to be a bit vague Don't
worry! Let me take a closer look at your account One more minute, please
no hurry.... Are you specifically referring to the \Front Page Meta
Description\? I think I wrote that already, no? I think I did. Not sure
it's ok. I'm thinking about how to use the SEO thing when I write a
post. Does that make sense? OK, yes I understand The META description is
the description that you see when you search for something on Google or
another Search Engine, the results that you see have a title and a
little description... that META field in your posts give you the option
to personalize this description Do I write that after every post? For
example, I just posted something yesterday. How would I add a META Seo
thing to that? thanks So, you simply need to write a short description
for the post you are writing, so that when the page come sup on search
engines, users can see a personalized description of the contents It's
not necessary, it's an optional setting. If you don't write it, Google
and other search engines will randomly pick some of the text on your
post to showcase as description For each individual post, this is edited
from the left sidebar, in the section that says \META description\ ok..
can I look now? Don't go away :) Yes, of course! Just access the editing
screen of one of your posts, or try to create a new one I see it.
Thanks! Do you think it's a good idea to add this? Just asking... Yes,
it's a good idea, it gives you control over what people see when looking
for your site However, do not that the description has to be under 160
words long I can see that the META description that you added for your
site in general is over 200 words long, so I recommend you edit that
Look, this is how the description will look on Google:
http://d.pr/i/ECev So if you go over 160 words, visitors won't be able
to read it completely, anyway ok. thanks. I didn't realize. I've got to
cut it down. Thanks. Can you help me get back to that editing site?
Thanks so much! Sure, just a moment please You can edit that description
from here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/relationshiprhythms.com
thanks so much! You are welcome! If you have any other questions in the
future, just open a new window and we'll be here ? Much appreciated! Hi
Wordpress,\n\nI have a problem with my website. URL:
www.plezierinsport.nl\nGoogle can't find my homepage. I got a lot of
tips from friend. Place more links, make youre website more interesting
for google etc. But nothing works, i thinks that i do something wrong
with the settings of my website on wordpress. Can you search for me if i
placed all the setting right? I hope you can help me. The website is
allmost 4 months online, it is not possible that google needs time to
search it. \n\nThank you for now.\n\nGreetz,\nKoen Reijers Let me take a
look at your website settings your website is already configured to
\Allow search engines to index this site\ I can find your website on
Google if I searched by plezierinsport.nl the issue with your homepage
is that you are using only images there. It would be great if you could
add text to the items Oké i understand. When i place some text on te
homepage, google can find it?\\ Yes, it will. It can take a few days to
Google read your website again though Oké thanks for your help!! I'll
close this chat then, but you can start a new one if you need more help
can you suggest a template that does not cut my pictures Have you look
into https://gazettedemo.wordpress.com/? any other
https://apostrophedemo.wordpress.com/ https://visualdemo.wordpress.com/
sorry i did not like them so much. I want it to be similar to the one I
have chosen but allow you to post bigger pictures Those themes as close
as we have to Dyad Hi there! How can we help you today? Sorry me again
No worries! We're here to help. :-) I was talking to someone before
about I cannot find my blog using google search When I finally typed the
whole blog address oo locate my blog page, the page appear but there is
an error message on the top of the page What was the error message? It
said \sorry we cannot find your blog but there are two links maybe
related\. Oh you mean the error was in the Google search results, not
onyour actual blog. Gotcha. That two links in fact is the blog I posted
today On the blog After I typed the whole blog address,
simplyherbalessence.blog, the blog page show up but with an error
message Can you please create a screenshot of that error message so that
I can see exactly what you're seeing? That will help me troubleshoot
further. You can upload it to your Media Library, unless you have a file
sharing site you want to use. Because I do see your site
simplyherbalessence.blog, and don't see any error messages on it. Still
here? Yep, I'm still here! Did you see my message above? Here's what i
see when you go to your site on Chrome: https://cloudup.com/c14NScmRlJ2
I am using apple phone and saw the error on mobile version YOu can
create a screenshot of your Apple screen, too. Here are instructions on
how to do so: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT200289 Btw, since the
blog sometimes is very long, if every blog on the page have to show the
full length, then people may have to keep scrolling before reach another
post. Can I just show half of it with .... Sure, we can take a look at
that. And yep, that's certainly something we can help you with! Let's
start with the Google issue at the moment, to make sure we address that.
Okay, so first, please know that it can take Google and other search
engines several weeks (4-6 weeks, roughly) to index new sites and
changes to even old sites. So that's why you're not seeing your site
right away on search engines. It also will depend on what search terms
you're using. Once your site is indexed by Google, you may not show up
on the first or 2nd page for a very popular search term like Herbal
Essence, especially since that's a popular consumer brand. Here are some
great resources you may want to check out to learn more about how to
optimize your site for search engines:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Just tried again, seems like the
problem is gone for now Okay, cool! Probably just a slight glitch
somewhere then. Thanks for your help, lets go for my 2nd question Sure
thing! Let me open up your site again real quick. You can add the MORE
tag to each of your posts that you want to truncate on the home page. to
do that, open up the post in editor mode. Put your mouse's cursor on the
section of the post you want to put the READ MORE tag. Okay, let me turn
on my pic first Then click on the MORE tag icon. Here's an overview of
how that works: https://en.support.wordpress.com/more-tag/ Okay. And
then saves, right?! You mean after you click on the More tag button?
Yes, I put the cursor to the place I want to hide and then press the
read more tag Yep, that's the place! Not success Let em try again Okay,
I got it Thanks for your help Awesome! Glad to help. And you're welcome!
Let us know if you need anything else! Come renderlo pubblico digitando
su google? Howdy! I'd be happy to help with your question! We only have
support in English now, but I will use Google Translate You can use
Google Translate too to translate my messages back Hy, well I didn't
speack very well but I will do my best Great! Thank you! I will try my
best too I would like to kow how can I make how to make my site visible
Becouse if I digit it now on google bar I can't find it Sure! I will
just took at your site for one moment, okay? ohh really??? wow Great! It
is normal that your site is not in Google yet. It usually take a few
weeks for Google to find it You can help Google to do it Did you see our
support page about Webmaster Tools:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ but I can't find it
even if i try to digit the adress No I didn't.. No wait if i digit it on
the bar i find it Yes, I understand that! But when you look in Google,
it is not there, correct? yes. If i use this:
https://in-context-studio-di-psicologia-clinica-psicoterapia.com is it
right to put it on my social page or in my email sign? Yes, it will work
in this way. But if you want to help Google find your website, you can
use advice from the support page I sent you It will help Google to know
that your site exists As I said, it can be a few weeks before Google
finds it okay I will give a look! Thank you so much! You've been really
kind and helpful! Sure! I'm happy to help! if you need some help, just
let us know! Or aI Will take a look...oh my English!hahaha ok bye! We
will be happy to help you with everything :) Your English is great :)
Have a great day! I HAVE A QUESTION HELLO I WANT TO ASK WHAT DO I HAVE
TO DO WITH THE BEGINNING OF THE WEBSITE? It totally depends what you
have in mind for your site! But a good start would be to write some
content in the ABOUT page. WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS? I AM TALKING ABOUT THE
FEAUTURED CONTENT What do you mean exactly? I see you already posted
some content, so that's a good start. IN THE BEGINNING OF THE WEBSITE
THERE IS A BLACK SPACE AND IS CALLED FEATURED CONTENT. What do i do
that? I see what you mean now. On the home page, it will show a
carousel/slider that contains the content that was writen in specific
posts. Any post that has a tag \featured\ will be shown here. how can i
do that? If you go to your list of blog posts, scroll all the way down
and you will see there are two posts called \Featured content\. That's
where you can change them. If you want other posts to appear in the
slider, then edit your post, select \Categories and tags\ from the left,
and add the word \featured\ to the list of tags. Then after you publish
it, the post should appear on the home page. i did this but it does not
seem to work Which post did you tag as \featured\? the most recent one I
see it on the homepage now. For some reason, it always takes a few
minutes before it actually appears. It looks like you have left the
chat, so I will close it for now. \n\nIf you have any further questions,
please feel free to open a new chat.\n\nHave a great day! :) how can I
delete a post from being featured hi i need some help how can I delete a
post from being featured\n All you need to do is delete the \featured\
tag from the post. i cannot get to the post You can't open it from your
admin Dashboard, to edit it? i will try OK, I'll stand by in case there
are problems. :) the site is not live yet and I am trying to add posts I
understand that. So tell me what's not working exactly and I will try to
help. i noticed that when a post is featured is not anymore with the
other posts. also i do not know how to look at the full post when it is
featured If a post is featured, it should still appear in the list of
posts. it is not on my site For example, the post that starts with
\Wisdom of Astaroth\ is currently featured. I can see it in the list of
posts in your admin: http://prntscr.com/eawgla i cannot see it Please
see the screenshot I sent you. If you go
to:\n\nhttps://wordpress.com/posts/pantheonofaeternam.wordpress.com It
is the 5th post in the list. You should definitely give every post you
create a title, or else it will not be clickable in the featured
section. Hi there, I went live with a site over a week ago and while the
site is showing up if you typw in the url, it cannot be found when I
google it. Is there something I have missed in the settings to so that
it can be picked up by search engines? let me catch up on your message
it usually takes Google 3-4 weeks to update its search indexes for some
tips to get referenced in search engines, see
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/,
and
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
Thank you, I'll take a look at these. Hi, I don't understand why I can't
find my website www.watratanakpratib.com on google, however if I type
the adress in the adress bar I can find it.\nThanks Hi there! Did you
just set up your site in the last few weeks? last night Gotcha. So it
can take a few weeks for search engines (including Google) to find and
index your site. That's not something we have any control over, but in
the meantime, you can check out some of these SEO tips:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ I bought a domaine, however
another site I did, at first I didn't bought a domaine, but I can find
it easily on google. I simply type alliance setrey khmer in google and
it appears. Simply would like to make sure that I did not miss a
step...I am a little confuse with the \self-hosting\ of a website...is
it something I have to add? No, you didn't miss a step! you're fine --
it just takes time for a new domain and a new website for search engines
to find it. A self-hosted website is where you buy website hosting space
from a company like Bluehost, Pressable, GoDaddy, SiteGround, etc. And
then you download the free WordPress software from WordPress.ORG, and
install it on your new hosting space. I read on the SEO yesterday, but I
was just wondering why a site like www.alliancesetreykhmer.wordpress.com
can be googled and not a direct site like www.watratanakpratib.com It's
a different way from managing a WordPress site: on here, we handle the
hosting, the administration of your technical side of your site
(backups, security, etc.). The software is already installed. On a
self-hosted site, you would manage all of that yourself. There are
advantages and disadvantages to each, and depends on your needs. I'm not
sure I understand your question? what is the major advantage of self
hosting? Let me answer your question about the google search first. Can
you explain what you mean by that? Fisrt I created
www.alliancesetreykhmeres.worpress.com without buying a domain. I run
some test in google and the site was really easy to find on google. Next
I created www.watratanakpratib.com and purchased a domain. However, when
I run test in Google, I couldn't find it. I was really impress with the
www.alliancesetreykhmer.wordpress.com, however Iwould have thought that
by buying a domaine would be even greater (faster)...that is where I am
confused, but I understand that it can take time for SEO... Yeah, it
doesn't really have much to do with the domain as it does with how old
the site and the domain is. Now, the domain wordpress.com has been
around for over 12 years (maybe 13-14?), so you do benefit from that.
But in the long run, if you want to build a website and a brand, you
want to have your own domain instead of a subdomain like
***.wordpress.com. That gives you more freedom and builds on your brand.
Hello, can you point me in the direction of site identity please? When
people search for me I would like it to be shown as Lucemi Consulting -
Your Goals Coach. I have seen some other sites do this, thanks Of course
:) Head to My Sites > Customize (next to Themes). That'll open your
site's Customizer, and 'Site Identity' should be your first option in
the sidebar there. Go ahead and click that to change your site's title
and tagline Thanks, have updated but that doesn't change it on Google
Ah, that's normal :) Google doesn't update site changes immediately -
they refresh their index every so often, so it may take a while for your
changes to show up in their search engine ok, but the site title has
never appeared in google before. If I look at Michael Hyatt as an
example he shows as Michael Hytatt - Your Virtual Mentor on Google Right
:) do you have the title of your site as an image, or is it plain text?
If it's an image, that won't register with search engines. how do you
mean? i have just updated in site identity in plain text That's good to
know. Do you have a direct link to the Michael Hyatt site you mentioned?
I can take a look.
https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant=1=2=UTF-8#q=michael+hyatt
https://michaelhyatt.com/ Right. So what I can see here in comparison,
is that you only have 'Lucemi Consulting' as your site title:
https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant=1=2=UTF-8#q=lucemi+consulting
- if you'd like to also have 'Your Goals Coach' there as part of the
main link, I'd suggest making it part of your site's title, rather than
the tagline OK, can I do that within wordpress? Sure. If you head back
to the Site Identity section in your Customizer, you can add that to the
site title box in the same way, and save your changes Again, those
changes will be picked up by Google the next time they index your site.
Ok cool, have changed it to be Your Goals Coach, thanks Perfect! So next
time Google does the rounds, you should see that appear in search
results :) it's definitely worth checking back with that, as they don't
share how often they trawl sites with us! But if you have any other
questions at all, just head back and let us know any time ok, cool,
thanks for your help No problem at all, you're welcome :) is my website
live? Hi! I'm Ella. I'll try to help you with your request. do i have a
email linked with it? Yes your website is live at
https://pantheonofaeternam.wordpress.com/ Since you don't have a domain,
you do not have an email address linked to it. Please have a look at
https://en.support.wordpress.com/domains/ how can i get a domain? And
https://en.support.wordpress.com/all-about-domains/ i also want to
change something at the very top of the website. It is a picture and a
title. How can I change them? You can change this here:
https://pantheonofaeternam.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php You can
click the icons next to it, or choose \site identity\ I hope this helps!
:) If you need any additional help, feel free to start a new chat any
time! i am trying to add a domain Have you already purchased this domain
elsewhere and you're trying to connect it to your site? Or are you
needing to register it now? no i did not purchase a domain elsewhere Ok,
in your site's dashboard you can click on \Domains\ there. On that page
you will see a \Claim Free Domain\ button, you can click on that to
register the domain that comes included with your Premium plan. It looks
like you already have one domain in your checkout cart. Is
pantheonofaeternam.blog the domain you want to register? Great! You can
go here to complete the domain registration:
https://wordpress.com/checkout/pantheonofaeternam.wordpress.com It's a
checkout screen, but you'll see on the left it's not going to charge you
anything since this is included in your Premium plan. i did it thank you
My system still shows that this domain has not been registered. You will
need to checkout here:
https://wordpress.com/checkout/pantheonofaeternam.wordpress.com there
was a problem and i have to press it again You will need to fill in your
Phone, Country, Address, City, State, Zip, and then click Checkout. i
did now i need to press the button complete checkout Yes, once you fill
in that information you'll need to click Checkout. there is sign coming
up saying there was a problem completing the checkout Is there a red box
around anything in the checkout page? i want to ask about my email Sure,
what question did you have about email? what is my email can i use it
now The domain registration doesn't come with email hosting. You can
setup email forwarding with this for free, and we have options here for
email hosting if you want to setup an email ending in
@pantheonofaeternam.blog, for example:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/add-email/ do i have to pay for this
There is a free option, listed on that page called Zoho. If you set that
up they provide up to 25 email accounts for free. what is the name of my
domain The domain that you've registered for this site is
pantheonofaeternam.blog what is my administration account I'm not sure
what you mean. The username for your WordPress.com account is
sacredorderofgodthoth. they say that that the domain name you gave me is
invalid Who is saying this? the zoho mail Ok, and you are using
\pantheonofaeternam.blog\ exactly like that (without the quotation
marks)? i am trying to sort out my email Your domain was just recently
registered, keep in mind it can take up to 72 hours for the domain
registration to be fully setup, so that may be the issue here. without
quotation marks is the website live? can i find it on google The site is
live, and public. So if you go to pantheonofaeternam.blog you can see it
there. But it will not come up in search engines such as Google just
yet. That can take a few weeks or months. Hello, I recently changed my
template for my blog (about 4 weeks). Since that time, the visits to my
blog have greatly diminished. I confess to being discouraged by the
situation. Can you help me to identify the problem? Sorry to hear that.
But the theme will not affect visits That she might be the cause? Once
out of two, explirer no longer seems able to download my site. I am
looking at your stats right now Explorer* You are unable to load your
site using Explorer? When I look at your stats (monthly):
https://wordpress.com/stats/month/jfguitard.com It is showing a pretty
normal variation. It does not look like they have dropped off. Last
month was a better month, but so far, this month is pretty standard. One
time out of two an error message appears, either since the theme change
Ok, maybe a false impression ... I will continue to follow the
statistics of near in this case! Yes Please do so! The other thing you
can do, is watch the SEO webinar we have. I see you have a Business
Plan, so you have access to this: Ok thank! This will help you with
getting your site more visible! We just verified your site with Edge,
and it is loading correctly. I would recommend updating your browser and
then clearing the cache. Here is some help with that:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/browser-issues/ Ok! Thank You for your
help! It also loads correctly in IE :) thank you so much and Have a
great day! Can you explain me how the SEO function of my plan
subscription works. Is it automatic, or is there something I need to do?
I'd like to reach more readers, and am wondering how I can do that Most
of the SEO functionality is done for your automatically, however there
are a few things that you can do to affect the SEO of your site. Such a
as? I'd recommend checking out the links on this page for more
information regarding SEO on your WordPress.com site:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ No that is all. Thanks! Hi there!
How can I help? i uploaded a picture to my mediathek id like to change
the text google show under the sites is there a way to do that? For
Google, they will use the site description usually. To adjust that, head
to the Customize link on the left-hand sidebar, under Themes. This is a
link directly to that screen: \n\nhttps://wordpress.com/customize/ Look
for Site Identity there The site title and tagline are used to describe
your site is site identity the same as website information ? It is the
short description of the site, so I believe so. We also recommend you
set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ but there is
no description i can find as \Lies alle Beiträge von gesundinsglueck auf
Gesund ins Glück!\ like google shows on the picture i uploaded or i dont
know :D The first result seems to be for the author. That may be coming
from your user profile. You can edit that at https://wordpress.com/me
The second result is your site, and that should be the site title and
tagline ill give it a look Great, if you have any questions let us know
:) thank you very much :) I need to place code from a social network in
the header of my site. How do I do this?\n Which social network?
Pinterest. They sent me this as a confirmation of my website: This lets
you see what people are saving from your site and adds your logo to Pins
that come from your domain.\nCopy and paste this tag to the section of
your website’s index.html file.\n\n\n(Having trouble? Download this file
and upload it to your site) Cool, you can put that code in the SEO
settings for your site Which are here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/essentiallysensible.wordpress.com Ah
ok. What do I need to do if I need to put a facebook pixel or anything
on my page? We don't support the Facebook pixel at this time ok thanks.
now that i've upgraded and have the ability to monetize my site, am i
able to choose what ads display? the ads are all chosen for you, or more
accurately advertisers bid on the sites to show their ads All ads should
be in good taste and inoffensive. If you see any that aren't let us know
?????? ????!\n?????? ?? ??? ??????????? ????????????? ?????????
??????????\nhttps://wordpress.com/settings/seo/tailz.ru\n???? ????????
??????, ????? ??????? - ?? ????????? ?????? ?? ????\n??? ??? ?????????
???? ???????\n\n???????! I can use Google to translate your messages and
answer in English are you still there? hello! yes, i can in english.one
minute, pls sure thing :) It is not possible to edit the structure of
the header there https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/tailz.ru I'he made a
mistake\n- forgot a \space\\nand now I can not edit headers :( oh I see,
the options are grayed out so you can't make changes but why? Hum, is a
weird issue, let me check this out. I'll take a couple of minutes though
ok! im waiting for you) ok I'm still looking into this, I'll be right
back alright, you'll need to temporarily change the site visibility to
Private here: https://wordpress.com/settings/general/tailz.ru click on
Private, save the changes and go to the SEO tab to update the title
structure then save the changes and set the site to Public again great!
thank you! let us know if you need more help So, may be you can help me
with one quastion i want use GTM but i can not use it in .com platform?
GTM is a plugin? google tag manager,
https://www.google.com/analytics/tag-manager/ ok, that's because uploads
are not allowed in WordPress.com that'll require a self hosted
WordPress.org site oh, it is a bad news) but i can make a copy of my
site in .ORG in future? you can export your current .com site and import
it back in a self hosted install though we keep improving so you may see
new features in the future ok its great) Can you help make my website
\google-able\? It does not come up when searching on google. Thanks!
I'll be happy to help with that. Just a moment while I take a look at
your site… Just so I'm sure, is this for your site at
stepstocuresarcoma.com? Okay. Your site is configured properly to be
visible to search engines, and when I search for the address itself in
Google, I do see that it comes up in a search. If you're looking for
your site to come up with certain search terms, we don't really have any
control over that, but we have some tips for that here:
http://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ is there a
way to search for it with just the title Steps to Cure Sarcoma rather
than the address? It's not possible for us to force search engines to
list your site for those specific search keywords. There are likely a
lot of other sites on the internet that have been around longer and have
more traffic that you're competing with for them. But the tips in the
article I mentioned above may help you to get higher on the list. Okay
thank you! You're welcome! If there's anything else we can help with,
feel free to open up another chat! Hello need help with the following:
My boss is using Moz to crawl our MailForwarding.com site and this error
came up: Error Code 804: HTTPS (SSL) Error Encountered\n\nYour page
requires an SSL security certificate to load (using HTTPS), but the Moz
Crawler encountered an error when trying to load the certificate. Our
crawler is pretty standard, so it's likely that other browsers and
crawlers may also encounter this error. If you have this error on your
homepage, it prevents the Moz crawler (and some search engines) from
crawling the rest of your site. hello Let me take a closer look at your
site ok thank you Just one more minute please no worries Have you
noticed any errors while accessing your site? I have not My boss is all
into making sure we get to a better google rank and also to make sure we
are searchable because she said that even if we type our name out in
google it does not show I understand From our end, everything seems to
be working correctly in regards to the SSL certificate. I did not
encountered any errors either on Chrome or Safari, despite Moz claiming
\it's likely that other browsers and crawlers may also encounter this
error\... so since no errors are apparent form our site, or your site...
there's really not much I can do. Every thing seems to be working as it
should ? I just googled your domain mailforwarding.com, and your site
appears on the first page Here's a video of my search:
http://d.pr/v/EzGv So Google certainly seems to be indexing the site
correctly ok thank you! I'd recommend you read this page with some tips
about SEO. https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ And if you notice
anything not working as it should, just open a new chat window and we'll
be more than happy to help ? Will do thank you for all your help! i have
a question. i need some help Hi there, how can I help?\n Can you tell me
a bit more about what you are trying to set up?\n my website is live but
when i look it at a viewer then what i see is a working site Can you
describe what is wrong with the site when you are looking at it? Or is
there something other than appearance that is the issue? there are blank
spaces When I visit your site I don't see any blank spaces. This is what
I see: https://cloudup.com/c6Nql2Rvuzh Can you explain how your view is
different from my view? I am going to end this chat as I have not heard
from you in a little while\n If there is anything else you need, feel
free to open up a new chat and let us know!\n hello i need some help I
am still here. :) Did you see my screenshot of your site?
https://cloudup.com/c6Nql2Rvuzh I am not seeing any blank spaces. Is
what you see different somehow? hi i needed to go away for a few
minutes. i saw the screenshot i am looking at the website. The top part
is showing all the pictures but at the end there is a black space that
says \featured content\ also at the end of the blogs there are three
spaces one says pantheon of aeternam and the other two say blog post
title Thanks for clarifying. One second while I take a closer look… Hi I
am back. can you see the blank spaces The post that is in the slideshow
on the homepage is this one:
https://wordpress.com/post/pantheonofaeternam.blog/7\n You can delete
that post to remove it from the slide show There is a trash can icon you
can click on the top of that page I just linked you to It looks like
that post is leftover demo content from the site as it was before you
started adding your own blog posts i am bit confused i cannot delete it
Are you on this page?
https://wordpress.com/post/pantheonofaeternam.blog/7 it says invalid
post Let's try this instead. Can you go here?
https://wordpress.com/posts/pantheonofaeternam.blog And let me know what
you see when you land on that page this does not work You are not able
to visit https://wordpress.com/posts/pantheonofaeternam.blog It is a
list of your current blog posts i am pressing and it is not taking me
anywhere The last 6 blog posts on that page need to be deleted. This is
what they look like: https://cloudup.com/cfVrmqQJHSH You can tell them
apart from the others because they do not have an image, just text These
are the \blank\ blog posts you are seeing on your site now You can go
here, yes? https://pantheonofaeternam.blog/ You see your site when you
visit that link? i know how to get there To the list of your blog posts?
Great, visit that page, and delete the last 6 blog posts you see.. the
ones that do not have an image connected to them This will also remove
them from your front page (homepage) layout i am there now but how can i
delete them See the row of options below the text of each blog post?
Edit, view, stats, share Click on the \....More\ button And there is a
trash can icon you can click on to delete each blog post Hope that
helps. If there is anything else you need let us know!\n I had raised a
request earlier this year regarding the site not showing up in search
results when searched. The situation hasn't improved yet. I need some
tips and suggestions on how can I improve the search results. Give me a
second to check your account. sure There is no easy recipe to enhance
your online presence we do have a couple of guides on improving your
site' SEO Also we do offer advanced SEO tools in our Business plan We do
not have SEO experts, so we cannot really help you with specific issues.
so how does that SEO tools help to improve search results ? I also
recommend that you setup Google Search Console, they give you more
insights into your online presence in the business plan We have a guide
on how to setup Google Search Console
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ on their platform you
can see your rankings and more graphs about your keywords and so on ok
sure let me have a look Yes the SEO advanced tools will give you more
flexibility into SEO settings but we cannot guarantee any percentile
improvement it depends on too many factors, but having access to those
tools will definitely help you right, understood any other help guide I
can refer too ? we do not have any other official guides You could maybe
take a look at our forums https://en.forums.wordpress.com/tags/seo great
where users share more SEO information cool appreciate your help today
Is there anything else that I can help you with? thanks for your time
no, that's all and have a great day I would like some help optimizing my
blog so it can look better and get more traffic. I have very few
subscribers and the email that WordPress generates every time I post
lands in their junkbox. I'd like to work around that. Also, I share my
posts on Twitter, the only social network I'm on. When my friends share
on Facebook, they tell me they don't get to choose the featured
thumbnail. I'd like some help figuring out how to make this better so as
to increase my traffic. Let's start with the look of the site first. Was
there something in particular that you were wanting to change to make it
look better? hi, i am currently paying for google ad words and it's
costing a fortune but without much financial reward ... my site still
doesn't show up with an organic keyword search, just wondering how much
longer it will take before this happens as I can't keep paying for
google ads Just one moment while I look into your account. Is this for
https://melbourneactorsheadshots.com/ site? We don't offer Google
AdWords for WordPress.com sites. On WordPress.com, advertising is
allowed only through our own WordAds program. So I am not sure why are
you paying to use Google AdWords for melbourneactorsheadshots.com. I
suggest you stop paying to Google AdWords. You can't use it on
WordPress.com sites anyway. hi sorry - are you there? Yes, I am here.
I'm not paying for ad words through wordpress. I'm paying through google
this is the only way I can get my site on the 1st page But I suspect to
make AdWords work with the WordPress.com site, you will have add some
code of something, right? without it my site is invivible Oh okay. I
just pay per click I am not sure how AdWords works exactly. I just pay
to advertise on googles 1st page but I'd like to stop. it costs a a lot.
but then my site will be invisible and I won't get any business Yep,
fair enough. soooo.... back to my 1st question .... when will my WP site
show up just with a key word search It really depends. There are lot of
factors influencing SEO of your site. We suggest few ways in the support
guides I linked above. I was told 3-4 months before it would show up But
ultimately, it comes down to how Google rates your site's content. I
upload new content about 2 times a month That's cool. so is that enough
...? For now, I suggest you start with the tips in the support guides I
mentioned above. Well, again it depends on what Google thinks your
content. If Google thinks your content is the best, then posting once a
month is good as well. But if the quality is not upto Google's
standards, then posting every day won't help much. Sorry, there is no
straight-forward answer to this question. Let me also give you two posts
on this topic:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
Have a great day. Bye! hi again - another question I am here. can you
see on my site I have a menu and one of the items is blog so portfolio
about rates faqs and then blog Right. I see your menu. And Blog is the
last menu item. But Blog page is not showing any posts. Weird. Let me
check furthere. cause I haven't made any yet I see 13 published posts
though, in your dashboard. I asked this questiojn a few weeks ago and
the person I was chatting with didn't seem to get what I was asking Oh I
see. What is your question? I want to use the blog just like a regular
page so I can post stuff that probably no one will look at but so that
I'm posting reguklar content for good seo. I DON'T want the blog to be
set as my home page or main page I just want it to function like a
regular page ... does that make sense? Yes. Your home page or main page
is your Portfolio page. Blog is just another page on your site. Blog
page lists all the posts you publish. But your blog page is empty
despite having some published posts in your dashboard. This is what I am
trying to understand. yes and I want to keep it that way. So how do I
post to my blog page ... I can call it something else like \outtakes\ or
\behind the secens\ if blog is too confusing forget that ... I'm
starting from scratch Your posts will be automatically added to the Blog
page. You just need to publish them. Currently, you don't have to do
anything. the posts on my blog page are the same photos as on my
prtfolio page - blog posts will be different However, I need to figure
out why Blog page is still empty. I am going to delete those blog posts.
I don't want those photos to appear on the blog - they already appear on
my home page Ah, that's fine. but if I delete them from my blog will the
disappear from the home page? also how do I delet them? They won't. One
moment while I check few things. that's ok - done it Hang on! Can you
tell me what did you do? sorry, but they do disapper from the home page!
this is the problem I had with the last person. Maybe it's easier if I
just call the page something else ... like outtakes ... I just want
another page where I can add content on a weekly basis ... just like the
FAQs page or my about page ... first I need to delete the menu item
called blog and an a new menu item i am trying to upload a picture for
my profile Your theme seems to be behaving weirdly! It is showing all
your blog posts on the Home page, not on Blog page. First, try to
restore the delete posts from Trash folder. can we forget the blog page?
I don't even want that!!! i did this though gravatar but the picture is
not uploaded on my profile i have restored Cool. I need to delete the
menu item called blog and an a new menu item but if I delete the blog
page all the content on my home page will be gone ... yes? Nope, you are
only deleting the Blog page from the menu. This won't affect your
content. can you tell me how I do this what if you go under
https://pantheonofaeternam.wordpress.com/wp-admin/ and then User \My
Profile\ can you change the gravatar on the right? Sure. In your
dashboard, on the left, click on Menus ok i will try
https://cloudup.com/cU4EqMsQlEb see that if you're wondering where On
the right, you will see Blog as the last menu item. click pencil icon
next to Blog and click trash can icon. yes - done Then click the blue
Save button at the top. can't click on save - greyed out Ah okay. First
click on the blue Delete button next to Blog then click on Save button.
ok done now I need to add a new page and menu item ... I'll call it
behind the scenes yep, now Blog is gone from your menu. yeah, first
create a new page from
https://wordpress.com/page/melbourneactorsheadshots.com and add it to
your menu from Menus screen done a new page but can't seem to add a new
meuni item does that work? Go back to Menus screen again. i'm in menu
Click on + next to one of the existing item and follow the prompts.
First decide where you want you new menu item to be, relative to
existing items. done, but it seems to be linked to my home page - shows
the same content sorry i think it's ok how do I add to the page now
You've added the new page, and then linked the page to your menu. Is
that right so far? i don't think I've linked ... how do i do that To
link the item, we'll need to go through your Menus area. Here's a
shortcut: https://wordpress.com/menus/\n yeah I'm in that area but HOW
do I link Ok, done it Ok. If you have already added the item, click the
+ symbol to the right. So you were able to edit the item, then get it to
link to the correct page? If so, click the blue OK button, then the blue
\Save\ button. yes done it but then when I go into my site and click on
that item it show the home page I'll check with you. One moment. May I
edit your menu? If so, feel free to exit the Menus area while I do.
Perfect. Thanks so much. I've repaired the menu item. It should be
working now. Ok thanks. I have to go out now. I'll try and figure out
how to post. thanks Very well. We'll be here if/when you need anything
else. :) I need some help Hi there - what's up? i am posting the website
details on facebook the icon is blank I see. I can probably help with
that. May I take a minute to run a test? i have uploaded a site icon
I've refreshed Facebook's old view of your site. It's now going to look
like this if you share your site's home page:
https://cloudup.com/cmthdw8niM2 Your site doesn't have a Title, which is
why I think it's showing (no title). You can add one in your Customizer
here: https://wordpress.com/customize/\n i added the title but is not
showing on Facebook I'll need to clear Facebook's cache again. One
moment and I'll see if that works. If you share now, it should look like
this: https://cloudup.com/coULFUXDby1 Nicely done. :) I would like to be
able to install plug-in wordpress into my website For security reasons
on WordPress.com we do not allow custom plugins. We have quite a few
functionality built in. Can you tell me what feature are you wanting on
your site ok I want to do a store online be able to have a cart page and
sell my clothes on my website We do not currently have a full blown
shopping cart feature on WordPress.com yet. However we do allow Paypal
buttons which you can post on pages showing your products. If you would
like to have a full store, it would be good if you can make one from
services such as ECWID or shopify and link them here, etsy can also
work? Yes.. you can do that .. you can then provide a link of your etsy
store on Top menu of your website here you can also link to specific
products, say new launches, from posts you publish here announcing the
new launches totally! thank you so much! also do you know where do I
need to write the google description of my website? right now it's seems
to be the title of my pictures The description of any page is pulled
from its first paragraph of content, or from the excerpt of the page or
post Here is how you add an excerpt
https://en.support.wordpress.com/excerpts/ we have some more tips on
helping you with search engines right here hope this helps you yes thank
you May I help you with any other query? I will close this chat for now.
\nFeel free to come back on another chat for any further assistance.
Good Bye! :) hiiii Hiii! I am so sorry I left you hanging yesterday. Are
you able to help me now? Absolutely! We're available at whatever time's
best for you. :) well, isn't that nice. Okay, if you're able to read my
initial request, I'm ready to chat. Sure thing! Give me a moment to read
through that... I can see you'd like some tips and tricks for making the
most out of cookedinallston.com. Is there something in particular that
you'd like to change about your site's appearance? I like how \clean\ it
looks, and I want to preserve that since this blog is very simple. That
said, I would like to find a better way to organize the recipes listed
under \Other reicpes\ so that I don't end up with a massive dropdown in
the navigation. Also, I really don't like how the \featured image\ works
with this template. I suppose I can now look through the library of
premium themes and find something more suitable, right? Do you have any
suggestions? OK! So, firstly, the theme you're using - Sela - has a
special grid page template that you can use to organise a page's child
pages in a grid. That may work well for your Other Recipes page. Let me
grab you an example from the theme's demo site. Here's what the grid
page template looks in Sela's demo site:
https://selademo.wordpress.com/page-templates/grid-page/ Oh, great. And
it's food! :D So, the links to each of the child pages would display in
a grid on the page itself rather than in thee dropdown menu. As you can
tell, I'm a total amateur at this, but I'll figure it out Thanks for
that suggestion You're absolutely right that you can now browse through
all of our Premium themes too. The cost is included in your Business
plan. Let me see if I can come up with some good suggestions of Premium
themes that also have a grid page template. Bear with me... take your
time Am I right that your site's main focus will be blog posts? Are
there any other features you'd like from a theme? Yes, the focus of my
site is blog posts where I share a recipe and the story of the person
who gave it to me. But I also want to have a place where I can share
recipes that I like which don't come with a story and therefore aren't
appropriate for a blog post. Finally, I would like to build a recipe
index where visitors can search in a catalogue fashion for recipes that
appeared anywhere in the site (blog posts or not) does that make sense?
That makes sense! OK, one of the first Premium themes I recommend you
taking a look at is Veggie: https://veggiedemo.wordpress.com/ I know you
said you wanted a minimal look for your site so it's worth noting that
you don't need to use Veggie's home page template. You can set the home
page to display a listing of your posts, which will look quite minimal.
Veggie also has a grid page template, similar to Sela's. good I like it
Awesome! :) Do you want to give that one a try? Yes, I think so. It
might not look as amazing in the end because my photography isnt as
great. I'm sure it'll look great. :) Oh, as a Business user, you also
have the opportunity of booking a 1:1 screen share session with a member
of the team here. Are you interested in booking a session? That's
wonderful but I think I'm not ready yet I'd like to play around on my
own and then ask for help when I'm stuck will you spare a couple of more
minutes coaching me on SEO, please? Sure thing! What would you like to
know? Two things: 1) how to improve search result rankings and increase
subscribers and 2) is there a way that the wordpress emails generated to
subscribers can be altered in a way that they're not read as spam by
email service providers? That was like 4 questions, sorry Hehe. :) OK,
I'm going to go out of order and answer question number two to start
with. We have limited control over how email providers interpret our
emails. If you can encourage subscribers to check their spam and
manually mark your notifications as \not spam\ then that will \teach\
the providers to not mark future notifications from your blog as spam.
Sure, I understand that But that's a big ask Definitely. For what it's
worth, we don't get a lot of reports of email notifications from
WordPress.com going to spam. It isn't the default behaviour for most
email providers. but can the WordPress email template be altered? I
mean, me as a user, can I modify the template? It's not possible to
modify the template, no. You can control the amount of text the excerpt
of your posts that gets display in the template by inserting a \read
more\ tag. But that's the extent of the control you have. You guys
should change that. The reason it's getting caught in spam or seen as a
promotion might be all the code in the template... but anyway, that
answers that. OK! As for your next question: There's a lot involved with
improving your site's search ranking. We have the following guidance
that goes over the most commonly asked questions that we get around SEO
and also a few tips/tricks: We also have a self-guided course that you
can sign up to here: If you sign up to the above course, we'll deliver
daily lessons to your inbox to teach you how to grow your site's
following. Okay, thank you! Can I ask one last question? This is very
specific Absolutely! I set a featured image in my last few posts hoping
that Facebook will take that as the suggested thumbnail. That hasn't
worked. I read in a Wordpress page that you guys \suggest\ to Facebook
which image to pull in as a thumbnail but of course don't have control
over what facebook does. I see that when you share a link on facebook,
you usually get to choose the thumbnail from a selection. Although I set
a featured image and have several images thorughout my posts, facebook
only shows one. Is there a way to change this? Is it related to the
template I'm using? Can you give me an example of a post that displays
the wrong image? You're right that the featured image should display.
The latest one about my dog. Here
https://cookedinallston.com/2017/02/19/pornstar-treats/ try to share
that on facebook Thank you! Let me take a look... it's going to pull the
image of the treats and not the dog Ah, that's strange. Do you mind if I
report this back to the team and follow up with you via email? sure.
Thank you! There's a chance Facebook may have changed the rules so I'll
dig into that. It happens all the time. That's why I suspect it's got to
do with the template/wordpress rather than facebook being finicky I'll
definitely do some testing on that. okay, I'll leave you alone thanks
for all of your help, [insert name] LOL Hahaha! :) You're welcome and
hope you have a lovely day. thanks, you too i need help with my SEO Do
you have something something specific you have in mind? so, when i look
at my site, in the seo option view it shows, \Personal injury lawyer -
De miranda law offices\ but when i google that exact thing it doesnt
even come up Ok - let me see Did you make this SEO change recently? yeah
It can take several days and even weeks for Google to pick up on changes
to your website or SEO settings It's not abnormal for results to not yet
show for these changes ok ok that makes sense is there anything else i
can do to make my website show up more on here If you are interested in
learning more, there are a few informative articles listed here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ alright cool, ill take a look
thank you Great! You're very welcome Hello,\nI'dl like to add some META
tags to my website, but I'm not sure where exactly I can do that (except
for the mainly description of the website)... Can you please help me ?
Thanks, Andreea Sure, Andrea! Just one moment while I look at your site.
Are you trying to verify your site with Google or some other service?
Hello. Yes, I'm trying...I'm looking now. Here are the detailed steps to
verify your site with Google:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
So do I still need to do that ? Or , as I can notice, wordpress is
taking care of indexing my website...? Yeah, we take care of indexing.
Adding meta tag is needed only if you want to collect some additional
information about your site. Like statistical data about your traffic,
such as how many people are arriving at your site through Google
queries, what part of the world your traffic is from, and how many
visitors landed on each specific post or page etc. Okay... Actually what
I'm looking for now is to make sure that my website can be find on
google in the swiss area... Ah I see. For that, you just need to produce
quality content that is relevant to the Swiss area. Over time, your
site's rankings improve with Google. I also suggest you check this
guide, specifically the info under \International Targeting\:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2015/12/15/google-search-console-seo/ Ok
thanks !! You’re welcome :) Also, here are some ideas you can consider
to improve your site's ranking with
Google:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
No, that's allright, thank you for everything !! You are so very
welcome! I'm very happy to help. It was great chatting with you. :) Feel
free to open up another chat window if you need any help with your
WordPress.com site. We will be glad to help you. I'll take a look to all
of that :D Sure. You will get a transcript of our chat in your email
andreeapse@gmail.com, with links to everything we have discussed here
today. \n\nIf you have more questions after going through the steps,
feel free to open a new chat.\n\n Thanks, have a nice day !! My site is
not indexed with google and everything is set up under the SEO tab in
settings. Bing and Yahoo are indexed only. I'll be happy to help with
that. Just a moment while I take a look… Hmm, when I search for
\every2min.com\ on Google, I am seeing listings for several pages on
your site, so Google is definitely indexing it. it doesn't pull up my
site at the top and it is not showing the page structure type in
\every2min.com\ and see what happens sorry, without the https Ah, okay.
Let me see if there's anything else that needs to be done for that...
Alright, after a little digging, I found that there's no way for us to
force Google to show your site structure in search results. According to
Google, \We only show sitelinks for results when we think they'll be
useful to the user.\ and \At the moment, sitelinks are automated.\
Here's the article that I'm reading that from:
https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/47334?hl=en so why isn't it
stacking the site yahoo and bing are also not dong that either I'm
afraid that's up to Google's (and Yahoo's/Bings) systems to decide
whether or not they do that for your site. We don't have any control
over it. this is what I am referring to from wordpress You can set the
structure of page titles for different sections of your site. Doing this
will change the way your site title is displayed in search engines,
social media sites, and browser tabs.\ That's referring to the structure
of page titles. Is that what you mean? Ah, okay. When did you change
those? weeks ago the meta tags were set up weeks ago as well i also
noticed that the site maps were not submitted to google, so I did that
an hour ago Okay. Search engines will often go several weeks or even a
month or two between crawling your site. In the meantime, they'll still
show the old page title structures. After you update the page structure
on our end, it's just a matter of waiting for that to happen again, so
Google has the updated page titles. Submitting your sitemap can
sometimes speed that up, but it's all up to the search engines. so this
could take up to two months to show properly is what you are saying It's
possible it may take that long, but hopefully, it would be sooner. the
problem is wordpress states that it submitted the sitemap for me. it
didn't ok so i will give it another month We send sitemaps to search
engines automatically every time you update your site. However, that
won't be reflected in your Google Search Console, since that only
reflects when you've submitted it manually through your Google acocunt.
ok well i will give it another month I have trouble with the way google
is able to find my website. I don't know how to improve my SEO for my
website. I would like to make it possible that people are able to see my
website on the first page of google when they are searching. Not to
disappoint you, but SEO is a hard nut to crack. Almost everyone wants to
rank themselves at the top of the Google search results. One sure-shot
way to achieve this is, to produce quality content consistently. From
our side, we already take care of SEO for all the sites on
WordPress.com. So that, you can use your time to focus on producing high
quality content consistently. Having said this, here are some ideas you
can consider to improve your site's ranking with
Google:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Thank you! I will take a look Sweet :) I will ask tomorrow, It is one
o'clock (Netherlands) and I really need to sleep haha You will get a
transcript of our chat in your email nicole.s.r@hotmail.com, with links
to everything we have discussed here today. \n\nIf you have more
questions after going through the steps, feel free to open a new
chat.\n\n Great! That is very kind of you and I will certainly come back
with new questions You guys are the best I haven't been on WordPress for
a few years but I want to download a few plugins (e.g. Yoast SEO) for
the site https://gyneco-blogic.com/. When I go to Plugins in the menu, I
can only see what's currently active. Where can I do this? Hi there!
This is Mark. Hi Mark For security reasons, it is not possible to
install third party plugins on a WordPress.com site.\n\nHowever, we
include the most popular plugin functionality within our sites
automatically. See this page for more
details:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/plugins/\n\nWhile
WordPress.com is generally SEO friendly, advanced SEO capabilities are
only available with the Business Plan. If you really need to use Yoast,
or other plugins, you would need to change to a different hosting
provider and install your own self-hosted WordPress site. \n You can
read more about the differences between WordPress.com and WordPress.org
here: You can read more about the difference
here:\nhttp://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/\n Okay. For now where
would I be able to integrate Google Search Console? That requires a few
steps. We have a guide for that available right here: okay thanks Does
that answer your question? :) Yep If you need any further help or you
have other questions, please feel free to start another chat.\n\nHave a
great day! :) Sounds good, you too I bought Google ref. I'd like to know
if the search engine is looking to the page + description (META) or only
the description (META)? Do we have to put the same information in the
description (META) and the page itself? Could you advice the best way to
proceed? Just a moment while I research some information for you on
that. Typically, search engines will pick up on the post content and use
that as the description that is displayed in the search results. What do
you mean by post content? Is it the page content? How do you call the
box you fulfill with the META information? Meta descriptions are a
general overview of the contents of your site. Search engines sometimes
use this information to determine the site’s relevance for specific
searches. What do you mean by post content? Is it the page content?\n
Post content is the content that you enter into a blog post vs a page
like an about page, contact page, etc. Do you know how to access your
SEO tools? No, tell me. Got to WordPress.com/me And then? When you’re
working on your site in the WordPress.com dashboard (access it by going
to My Sites in the top-left corner of the screen), head to the Settings
page and you’ll see a new SEO section. This page explains a little more
about it:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2016/06/02/seo-settings-panel/
Ok, I have to read and understand. But for each page (not the main one)
there is the Meta description, how does it work? This meta description
setting applies to your site’s front page only. What about the other
pages if I want them to be checked by google? Content would be searched
on each page by Google. They regularly index all your pages. Content is
king, as they say! What is the advantage to get the business version?
Myth: I need to regularly submit Sitemaps to Google so it knows I’m
blogging regularly.\n\nFact: Every WordPress.com blog has an XML
Sitemap. To view your Sitemap, type
yourblogname.wordpress.com/sitemap.xml in your browser’s address bar.
What you see there is code, so it’s not meant to be easily readable by
us. For the Googlebot, however, it’s a “what’s hot” guide to the latest
and greatest on your site. WordPress.com also automatically sends
notifications to Google every time you publish or update a post or page.
This is similar to how your subscribers get email updates. Every time
you post, you’re telling Google, “Hey! Check this out.” You get to enter
the meta that appears on the search engine results for your site. I'll
have a look to all these information and come back later. Thanks Yes,
there is a lot of information to absorb. Hang in there! You'll get it!
how do i verify my site? What is it you're trying to verify? Your email
address? my site i need that link to google Ah, I see! Have you followed
the steps here to get the verification code you need? Once you have the
HTML tag from Google, you can copy/paste to your site's SEO Settings
here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/coachscarano.com i knew this
would happen, i did all that and the person said wait 72 hours and
verify Please can you copy/paste the code that you added to this chat?
listen, i dont know how to do anything , so treat me like a 5 year old
what code? the person sent me a link to a page that all i needed to do
was verify. OK! We'll get this sorted, I promise. :) Let me catch up on
the chat you're referring to. please, i like things simple. i know
nothing. i just want my site to be visisble and completely set up
Absolutely! OK, I caught up on your chat and can see you were trying to
verify the contact information for coachscarano.com. The contact
information for your domain has indeed been verified now. I'm still
reading through the chat, so bear with me. :) okay so Is there anything
else at all that needs to be done to make this website active. please
dont leave anything out. OK! To start with: Can I ask if you were seeing
that you site *wasn't* verified anywhere? You look to be all set but I'm
curious about what led to your initial question here. well he told me to
wait 72 hours for something? he kept sending me a link to check Ah, yes,
that's always good advice when it comes to domains. :) Did you click the
button that she mentioned? no, thats what im asking you how do i click
that button????? OK. Please go to the following link that she previously
provided: https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/home?hl=en that link
sent me to a google sign in That's right, we're trying to confirm
verification through Google. i guess im supposed to remember my google
password it says not verified you said it was verified OK! Click the
button to \Verify this property.\ Your domain is verified, but I have no
way of telling whether you've completed the steps to verify your domain
through Google's Search Console as it's a third-party service. I can
help with that now though. why did you say it was verified? this is why
i am the way iam because something is always left out I said your domain
was verified. Click the button to \Verify this property\ to complete the
verification through Google Search Console. okay but google said it
wasnt verified? be clear as to exactly what we are talking about i
clicked verify now what Do you see the red button to Verify? yup it said
it failed, im very frustrated with this why did it fail I'm going to
help you with this but want to be very clear that Google Search Console
is a third-party service. I'll do my best to help you figure this out
but we'll be walking through stuff together. Right. Do you see the
Alternate Methods tab at the top? it may be third party, but google is
all that matters. if you cant figure out just give me a refund I'm doing
my best to help. Do you see the Alternate Methods tab? yes, but i
already did all that. it took hours Select that tab and then copy/paste
the HTML Tag to this chat window. so what is an html tag? This is what
we're going to add to your site to confirm your ownership of the domain
with Google. so again, what am i copying and pasting Check the box next
to HTML Tag and then copy/paste the code that appears. That's perfect!
Thank you. I'm going to add that to your site for you. so why did
itfail? this is why i ask so many questions. because nothing ever works
We'll go over that in a bit. For now: I've added the code to your site.
Please can you click on the button to verify again? failed failed 2 more
times this is not a simple process OK. Can you copy paste the message at
the top of the screen for me? The one that starts \Verify your ownership
of\ I want to double check the domain that Google is looking for here.
Verification failed for http://www.coachscarano.com/ using the Meta tag
method (less than a minute ago). We couldn't find the verification meta
tag.\nVerify your ownership of http://www.coachscarano.com/. Learn more.
Ah! OK, so, that www. is causing some trouble here. Please go back here:
Click the Add Property button again and this time add the following:
coachscarano.com Don't add https:// or wwww. I insert the name of the
site without the written wordpress on google and he does not find it if
I put the name with the word WordPress google finds but I've saved in
the domain as birricibo.com without the written WordPress Taking a look
into your account now, I can see you registered your custom domain for
your site 3 days ago. That's still very recent! :) Google trawls sites
occasionally and updates its information, so it's likely your site
hasn't been trawled just yet so exactly what do i add\n It takes a
little time, so the next time Google indexes your site, you should be
able to search for it without the WordPress Go here: you said type my
website do i add wwww No, don't add www. Only add the following:
coachscarano.com do i add htttp // No, don't add that. so then what The
following should be added by itself: coachscarano.com Did you do that?
its telling me to type something Did you type what I told you to? Ok
thank you so much! Have a nice day! no cuz you told me to type http//
then you told me not to I did not tell you to type http:// under add
property it says type website Type the following: coachscarano.com
exactly that No problem, you're welcome! If you have any other
questions, just let us know :) I'm not sure if our chat software is
adding http:// to the front of that address? From my end I'm only seeing
this: https://cloudup.com/cqbDHo4222b Take a look at that screenshot to
see what you need to type. can you just type what im supposed to enter I
have. :) Can you take a look at that screenshot as I think our chat
software may be adding something extra on your end? failed again We
haven't gone through all the steps just yet. dear god,what else Are you
on the verification screen again for this new property? i guess Select
Alternate Methods again then copy/paste the new HTML Tag to this chat.
And can you copy/paste the message at the top of the screen again? The
one that starts \Verify your ownership of\\n Verification failed for
http://coachscarano.com/ using the HTML file method (2 minutes ago).
Your verification file was not found.\nVerify your ownership of
http://coachscarano.com/. Learn more. OK, we're not using the HTML file
method. We're using the HTML tag method. Can you click the Alternate
Methods tab again, check the box next to HTML tag, and then click the
Verify button? yes,failed Please copy/paste the new message for me. why
is this not working/ should i just get my money back. what do you need
now? Please copy/paste the new message for me so I can try to help with
this. Verification failed for http://coachscarano.com/ using the Meta
tag method (less than a minute ago). We couldn't find the verification
meta tag.\nVerify your ownership of http://coachscarano.com/. Learn
more. i really hate typing, you need a phone option. again thank god i
have hands. sucks for handicap OK, I don't know why this is failing and
it's hard for me to troubleshoot as Google Search Console is a
third-party service. What I can do is take some time to investigate
possible reasons for the failure and follow up with you via email.
thanks, My last attempt failed with weebly. thought this would be
different. you need a phone option. someone in the company should call
me. i hate being trated like a robot just do everything to make this
work. i want to do nothing at this point I'll follow up with you by the
end of the day. well i have very limited time to address this. so this
really sucks It's worth bearing in mind that you're still able to get
your site set up and running without verification from Google. last time
took 2 plus hours, this takeing forever as well. is this common? The
verification from Google will only allow you access to their Search
Console service. no its not, google is all that matters if it doesnt
appear on google search engines its not valid Your site can show up in
their search rankings without that verification. i dont beleive that
Where did you hear otherwise? my last site never got picked up, they
said that was one of the issues but back to , why is it failing? thats
weird It's not a requirement but definitely comes in handy for stats and
can sometimes speed up the process that your site gets indexed by them.
I'll look into that and email you by the end of the day. if it cant get
verified something is obviosly wrong. its not legitimate possibly and
you are taking my money its a competitive world, your site has to be
visible. i highly doubt a site that cant get verified by google is a
successful one. am i wrong/ I totally understand your concerns. Let me
address them: Google Search Console is a service that Google offer. You
can use it to monitor information about how visitors end up at your site
and also submit information to Google. By going through these steps to
verify your domain, you're verifying it to be used with this service.
Google does *not* require this of all sites on the web. sure, everyone i
know has a site that is verified by google. You don't need to go through
these steps to appear in their search results. It's definitely a useful
service, for sure. i dont want a site that isnt verified for an unknown
reason. have someone fix it / call me/ or refund OK, as promised, I'm
going to look into possible reasons for the failure. i am getting very
frustrated I'll end this chat for now and will email you later. leave
some reference number so when the next fiasco occurs i can reference
this convo I'll do that in the ticket. and please do not email me with
hard to understand directions. i want phone or live chat i know nothing
so youtube videos and directions clearly havnt worked I'm going to work
on this now so will end this chat and be in touch with clear
instructions soon. Bye for now. I have a new site and everything is
great. However when I view on a pc with a big screen the text box for my
pages overlay on top of the main photo and block the picture. If it is
viewed on a phone it looks great. How do I fix this? Is this happening
on the frontpage of the site? no the other ones Ah, I see what you mean.
That is actually a feature of the theme. You can see it does the same in
the demo for the theme here:
https://selademo.wordpress.com/page-templates/default/ For this reason,
typically we do not recommend setting featured images that have text,
especially with this theme. i see. also since wordpress is hosting this
site how will the system now my tag words, description and meta for
google You can still tag your posts with keywords, and you can also set
an excerpt for your pages, that will affect the keywords and the meta
description. As for the title, that will pull straight from the page or
post's title :) thats over my head, is there a video for training We
don't have videos on these two topics, but we do have support pages with
screenshots on how to set these up. Here's the one for tags:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/ and this is the one for
excerpts: https://en.support.wordpress.com/excerpts/ ok great thank you
I would like my site to be on top in google research when users digit
\paceonlus\. At the moment the site doesn't come out at all. search
engines such as Google takes at least 3-4 weeks to crawl new sites after
that the site, pages and posts will start appearing in search results
ok! thanks for the answer ok.. that means..meta tags are now consideres
as abuse in google's language? means I need not to bother about meta
description or tags for increasing SEO? I'm here -- I'm looking to find
the previous chat history so you don't have to explain yourself again ok
can u recommend me any poerty website ,that if i register there,then I
can get good traffic to my blog...as my blog is about poetry I want to
bring traffic frm other poetry websites Hmm, I do not know of any poetry
websites where you can register your blog. ok just tell from where else
I can bring traffic..apart from wordpress , all social websites & google
search is there any other place remained? please dont send me any
link..just tell me bases upon ur expeience I do not have experience
bringing poetry traffic from other websites no tell in general not
poetry The options for bringing traffic are: tell your friends, share on
social media, use tags in WordPress.com, and publish great content any
thjer source of trafic Those are the sources ok... if we configure aur
blog with google console it just shows ur blog perfromance isn't it? it
does not increases seo? right? If you set up your blog with Google
Console, it makes Google aware that your site exists So it can speed up
the process of Google finding your site when people search so shall i
also configure with bing as well? what u sugget is there any need?
pinterest & yandex I have already configured with google console the
main search engine of everybody so is there any need to configure with
others? also..someone told me that If I configure my blog with icloud
(safari) then poeple will be able to serach my blog on AAPLE I PHONE as
well? Yes, you can configure with all of the search engines so how to
configure with icloud? There is not a way to configure with icloud then
do my blog is easily searchable on apple phones? The verification
options available are in My Site > Settings > SEO that i know Apple
Phones will use the Safari browser or whatever browser the iPhone user
chooses so..there is no methof to link up with safari brower here in
wordpress? That is correct is that you are saying? and I do not bother
about meta tags or descriptions? That is correct. Your content will do
that work for you Everything else is already built in on WordPress.com
thanks a lot for help u been a great help It was my pleasure! I need to
add more \key words\ to my website so that it is easily found when
people do web search. I Forgot how to do this. Can you please help? can
you help me add more key words? just a heads up, search engines don't
use keywords so much anymore, they're now just scanning the entire
content of your site, and basing searches off of the content, not
keywords so, Really? for example if you have a post about dogs and tag
it \cats\ searching for \cats\ won't bring it up but if you do a search
for \dogs\ then it'll show up that's a very very basic idea of how
things are now search engines like Google caught on to the fact that
people were using tags to misdirect people, So you are saying that
whatever contect is actually written on my page for the public to see,
is what words will be scanned when they search the web? yep! ok got it!
here's a great article written by one of our Happiness Engineers:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
I really recommend giving it a read, it gives a more in depth look on
what search engines are looking at So I should modify my actual page
content? Don't bother messing with the \key words\ I originally
programmed in? the tags are more used when people are searching for post
topics within the WordPress.com Reader so you should work on the page
content itself, and that's what will draw the search engines so did it
work ? the email you sent had a direction that wasnt an option It sounds
like you're referring to a chat you had earlier, I'll pull up that chat
right now it would be best to give me the last person you are not ready
for whats ahead I'm afraid that the person you talked to yesterday isn't
online right now well You should probably review the transcript, its a
complete mess. our chat support for the day is actually closing in a
couple minutes, but let me see what I can do, just a moment please while
I read it over! so doing a quick scan, it looks like you were last
working on getting your site verified? yeah you wont be able to handle
this, i am very illiterate with poor typing skills and limited hand
mobility this situation is a mess and no one can figure it out please
just verify my site or have the last person contact me. do you mind if
we try going through it together? no, ive done this 50 times already.
you wont be able to explain it to me they cant explain why verification
fails im frustrated and tired of spending hours on this have last person
contact me or refund I noticed that you mentioned a meta tag during your
previous conversation, we actually use a different method of
verification, i dont know what that is doesnt mean anything to me are
you in the Google Search Console right now? i know nothing can you go
here please? https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/home?hl=en now what
do you see a red \Add Property\ button? yes, but in email she said to
verify property next to name, now you say to add? what do i do would you
mind trying to hit the add property button, and then enter in
coachscarano.com? i already did this 5 times yesterday do i enter htttp?
please enter it as https://coachscarano.com so with http?thats what you
wrote you'll want https:// in the beginning once you hit enter, you
should reach a page that looks like like this:
https://cldup.com/fKI1sDO3Ur.png yesterday i was told the opposite she
said no http, that could have messed it up hmm... okay, let's go with
http:// for now so when you hit enter, does it look like the screenshot
above? exactly, nothing works different info everyday, no progress im
not doing this again. you are just going to unglue whatever she did
please have her contact me.we already went through this. alrighty, but
if you have a look at the screenshot I sent above, it'll specify exactly
what verification tag you can use, you are not sure whats going on so
you have me repeating steps to enter into your Settings here to get the
site verified doesnt mean anything to me. thank god im not handicap , my
hands hurt from typing, i should be compensated for this have someone
contact me who can make desicions I understand that you are frustrated,
and I'd like to help you and I believe I can point you in the right
direction, but I do need you to work with me i dont have time thats what
they saidthe last 2 times no one has been successful as a first step, it
helps if you wouldn't mind responding to my previous questions,
especially regarding the link to the screenshot that helps me know
whether or not we're looking at the same thing i saw the shot i saw it
yesterday now what alrighty, so when you go to the Alternate Methods
tab, and choose the \HTML tag\ option, there is a meta tag that appears
can you paste that meta tag into the chat please? wow again you will
have to send link again, the 5 i have are from yesterday what link are
you referring to? the page you want me to work on alt methods tab this
would be the same page we were on earlier, when you clicked on the Add
Property button and entered your site name into the URL after you hit
[Enter] you would have arrived at the next page yeah send it again i
closed it thinking it was one from yesterday here's the link:
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/home?hl=en so what do i type,
remember i did it your way yesterday she also sent me an email yesterday
with the fix, can you reference yep, I do see the email, but you
mentioned that you weren't able to verify, which is why I'd like to see
if we can generate a new meta tag to get your site verified. hit the red
Add Property button, enter your site name coachscarano.com no www no
need to add http or anything, that'll add itself automatically no www
please earlier you said to add http you guys are just messing with me
now if you don't add it, it'll add itself, either way works why didnt
you say that earlier now what i added site are you on the next page,
that looks like the screenshot https://cldup.com/fKI1sDO3Ur.png? please
go to Alternate Methods > HTML tag and paste in that tag for me here
nope that didnt appear what do you see? a page that says new and
important what happens if you go here:
https://www.google.com/webmasters/verification/verification?hl=en=0=wmt=http://coachscarano.com/
i dont know that page pops up alrighty, can you go to Alternate Methods
> HTML tag there please, and paste in the meta tag that's provided? alt
methods is not an option its not listed on page there's no tab next to
Recommended Methods? it should appear to the right of Recommended
Methods the word reccomended is not on page, this sucks. im getting very
very frustrated what do you see on your page? verification methods does
it look anything like this? https://cldup.com/9mRTJUlsUC.png can you
paste in the URL that you're on, into the chat? what did she want me to
do in the email? i told you that you do not no whats happening, now i
have to go through this all again. you need phone suppot send me refund,
or have other person contact me. you dont know whats happening.
ttps://www.google.com/webmasters/verification/verification?hl=en=0=wmt=http://coachscarano.com/
I went to that URL, and it looks like this:
https://cldup.com/QK8fR0R7bE.png. But that's not what shows up for you,
is that correct? It looks nothing like the screenshot? nope thats not
it, so what were the instructions in email would you like the
instructions in the email forwarded to you again? no can you interpret
them and follow them the instructions take me straight to the page in
the screenshot I just sent okay great, which i originally told you. her
instructions didnt make sense. the instructions didnt match the link do
you know how to take a screenshot? it would be a huge help if we had a
better idea of what you were seeing can you not just do this no i dont
offer phone support a screenshot wouldn't require phone support, it
would be an image file so that we can see what you see too complicated
this is a disaster i thought this was supposed to be easy right now,
you're verifying your site through your Google account, so you're the
only person who can get that done because we don't have access to that
account we have instructions on taking a screenshot here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/make-a-screenshot/ at this point,
knowing exactly what you're seeing on your end is the best way to figure
out our next steps okay im not doing any more, have someone contact me
who can make desicions im owed towo refunds, i will go with someone else
im not doing screen shots this is 3 attempts at this. you all fail phone
support would be helpful, what do the handicap do? so are you having
someone contact me? our chat support is closed for today, so I'm afraid
there's no one to talk to at this hour, but we can follow up with you
via email on the original email thread okay so what is your next step
just avoid me well mention to whomever that i need 2 refunds. i tried
this a few weeks ago and it failed then too I'll make sure to make a
note of that, and add a note to check your chat history as well i want
this addressed asap.asap i will do these chats everyday all day if i
have to I'll ask for the first person you talked to, to answer the
original email as soon as possibl *possible please have the 2nd person,
from yesterday they were the most helpful thus far. although they were
unsuccessful sure, no problem i warned you this would be impossble so
another day no website, out 100$ maybe that should be my review of
company did you have any other questions? If not, then I'll go ahead and
close the chat so I can contact the previous Happiness Engineer about a
follow-up and have the ceo review this chat, ask them if this is a good
thing? also email this chat. and request phone support. a handicap
person is probably going to get very upset with no phone chat option
email me this chat a chat transcript is automatically emailed as soon as
our chat ends, so let me know when you're set with chat and I'll go
ahead and close it out i prefer to leave it open so i can review botched
advice okay, in order for the transcript to go, I need to at least close
it on my end, you can go ahead and leave the window open on yours
though. I'll make sure to have a follow-up email sent to you by the
previous Happiness Engineer, as soon as possible great but im not very
happy I have my blog to public, but when i do a google search on my web
it doesnt show. How can I make it more visible for people if they search
certain keywords. or on yahoo.com or google.com? To make your site
appear on Google, or other search engines, takes some effort. Google is
not identifying my site. I have paid for the $8/month package. I need to
launch the website today as promised. Can you please look and see what
I'm missing? Thanks. Laura Basically it comes down to creating original,
interesting content, and keeping it up to date as much as you can Hi
Laura! HI! Good morning. I will be happy to help! This is Kat! what else
can i do. taglines? What do you mean about Google? Yep, use tags on your
posts, and assign them to categories, would be helpful. thanks so much
We have a few guides on SEO available here: It's also important to know
that search engines (and especially Google) aren't always very quick. If
your site would be updated for better SEO, it can take weeks before
Google includes it in their search results. thank you so much for your
help You're very welcome! :) The best way I can describe it in general,
is this: it's Google's task to *serve* people interesting content, but
it's your task to create that content. :) Good luck with your site! Do
you mean that you are not able to find your site in Google? Please note
that it might take up to 6 weeks for search engines to index your site!
You can read more about this process on this support page:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ You can try and speed
up the process by verifying your website with Google and other search
engines by using Webmaster Tools :
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ I need help. Yes, I am
still here! Sorry! I didn't scroll down. Yes, we are connected I
verified with Google yesterday. Okay, and the site is still not there?
My ISP isn't pointed at Godaddy (where I got my url) Should it be? My
festival happens in six weeks. I've had searches recognize sites within
24 hours. I can access the site by typing in the ur. I can't \google\
it. I can't type in Asheville Wordfest and see it listed. Okay, let me
look at this. I will check your domain now. When did you verify the site
with Google exactly yesterday? I started out with the url:
ashevillewordfest.wordpress.com and it was searchable right away I paid
for the plan that would make this easier, but I'm thinking it wasn't
worth it. At about noon. All right, so it has not been 24 hours yet? Let
me check . . . (thank you) Also, I can see two domains mapped to your
site: ashevillewordfest.com It was actually at 1:30 And avlwordfest.com
Which domain did you verify? avlwordfest I just checked, everything
looks fine with the domain, it points to our servers Did you verify your
site with Google using metatags? Can you check? I think I did it for the
google. Or by creating TXT record? THanks for helping. Did you do
anything similar to this:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/ Or
this: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ There are a few
ways to verify I am just trying to understand which one you used :)
Hello, happy Sunday. I know my plan is personal plan please how do I add
my plan or my website to search engines this particular one . Even if
means paying just like blogger do for a little period of time Okay, it
looks like to did the second way Looking at these . . . I got spooked by
the first one but used the second one. your website zigastimeout.com is
already configured to be indexed by search engines, but you can try
following these tips to improve your website ranking Thank you dear, God
bless you Okay, I see. So I suggest for now to wait. It looks like to
did it fine. Also, please note that it might take up to 72 hours Until
Google indexes your domain I also went into google search console. Okay.
Thank you for checking all my details. I'll ask for more help if there's
no change in two days. Please how do I edit to enter the key word I need
to be identified with on the search engines Oh, do you have another sec?
Yes, sure! Am I connected to Yoast plug in if I have the JetPack? People
tell me to have Yoast. All right, so for Jetpack you can use tags to do
so that option is available on the section Categories & Tags of the blog
post edition page You are currently using WordPress.com which does not
allow plugins installation. Jetpack is made for WordPress.org. These are
two different platforms: https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
Thank but, if you need more advanced SEO tools, it will be necessary to
upgrade your plan to Business then, you will have these features
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ WordPress.com already has
built in functionality of Yoast plugin for SEO My dashboard says I have
jetpack. Says it's \active\ And okay. For this specific site? Thank you
am grateful, I will upgrade onceI get the money Which browser do you
use? Are you able to make a screenshot and load it here https://snag.gy/
And send me a link after? For now no this is what I need at the moment
Nice! I'll close this chat then, but you can start a new one if you need
more help Trying . . .not working. Same to you Here is a dropbox link
https://www.dropbox.com/s/rtcdj5k2smpw1vf/Screenshot%202017-02-26%2012.25.25.png?dl=0
Thank you! I see what you mean See also where it says there's a problem
to fix (upper right) This page means that the Jetpack features are built
in to your site That's what I thought. If you have .org website, then
you purchase Jetpack separately and upload plugins In this case, the SEO
plugin is already included in WordPress.com I don't know what that
means. Oh, okay. I paid money for the upgrade. But I first used
ashevillewordfest.com That's the site that needs \fix\ but that url had
been taken by someone else. I'm only using avlwordfest.com Is it
possible that Wordpress isn't applying jetpack to avlwordfest.com?
Thanks for helping me! All right, yes, this is what requires the fix! I
will disconnect that domain from you right now Is this okay? It is also
eligible for refund And yes, the wrong domain is right now included in
your Premium Plan The one that belongs to someone else That's great. Do
you want me to fix it? Yay! I figured there was some mix-up. Refunds are
good. Please do what needs doing. And have a sip of coffee. Hahah thank
you! :) Now, it should be all fixed! I removed the wrong domain,
refunded 13USD and included the right domain in your plan! Wow. Thank
you so so much. You just saved a poetry festival. And hours and hours of
work on this site. Thank you! You all are really great. Thank you! :)
Now you can wait for Google to settle and it should be fine! Some
English person bought the domain for the poetry festival when I let it
lapse. There isn't even an Asheville in England. Punk. Haha, have a
great day too! If you need help with anything, let us know :) I paid for
my new website on Thursday, February 23, 2017. I've finished setting it
all up. However, my domain name/website appear nowhere on the internet.
Please advise for www.VeronicaVara.com Hmm, when I call up
veronicavara.com I see your site just fine THank you.! Are you having
trouble accessing it? I can access it on the wordpress my site page. But
it is not public yet? Why? googel.....www.veronicavara.com.....its not
there.... Ah! Okay. Well, that's very normal. Google can take up to six
weeks to get around to indexing new content However, in a ton of ways,
WordPress.com hosting is set up to speed that along Would you like me to
send you an email with some information on that? It'll show you how to
go the extra step of verifying your account if you want (not necessary
but helpful for some things) but it will also explain about how to post
frequently and increase your changes of Google seeing your site as
relevant content I've opened a personal website....not really a blog.
Sure. Would you like me to send you those tips? Think I have them
already.....just wondering when the public will be able to access my
website.... The public can access your website now, so definitely post
that link on your FB page or wherever your fans are A personal business
website....I am a freelance musician ..... You can't control when Google
decides to include you, but you can try to influence it to speed it up
:) so my website is not currently accessible? I can't access it on my
computer or cell phone internet....only on wordpress... I'm not sure
what you mean. When you type veronicavara.com onto your phone or in a
browser, do you see the site? I would not want to post on FB that I have
a new website for people to view if it cannot be viewed? Correct.....I
cannot view it at www.veronicavara.com I am viewing it right now :) It's
viewable! Very odd. Could you tell me which browser you are using, and
if you get the same results in a different browser? google, internet
explorer....firefox.......there's nothing there... Do you see a message
at all? or does it try to load a white screen and fail? my name does not
even appear Hmm, I'm not sure if we're talking about the same thing when
you click on this link, are you able to view your site in a browser?
http://www.veronicavara.com what exactly is the address? www or http://
Either will work. Here's a screenshot of what I see:
https://cloudup.com/cLn8vXSApsk veronicavara.com, www.veronicavara.com,
https://www.veronicavara.com, they all work as our system forwards them
:) ok...it will link in IE but not Firefox....any reason? Often,
problems like that are the result of a cache in your browser or your
internet network Caches hold old information, assuming it hasn't
changed. That's so when you call it up, you get results quicker. But
then if you build something new, sometimes it takes a while for your
browser to catch up If it's a browser problem, you can clear your cache:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/browser-issues/#clearing-your-browser-cache
If it's bigger than that, it might be your internet network ok....i'll
keep looking into it. But yes, I did get to it trough the address via
IE. But the good news is that the public can access your site Super!
It's a work still in progress.....but up at least! Thank you! How can I
help? it's the Search result on google when I search keyword crash
barrier roll forming machine\\ I don't see that description. This is
what I see: https://cloudup.com/cyZP-zbfLsi I don't know what's wrong
with mine result I'm not sure why you're seeing that description. You
can try clearing your browser cache, or try doing the search in a
private browsing window. Another question, why some of my pages are not
indexed? There are no search results for some of my pages When were the
pages published? And are they linked to from any other pages? about half
a month no no
https://mtc-china.com/products/roll-forming-machine/crash-barrier-roll-forming-machine-for-w-beam-guardrails/highway-guardrail-roll-forming-machine/
this page
https://mtc-china.com/products/roll-forming-machine/sheet-metal-roll-forming-machines/corrugated-roofing-sheet-roll-forming-machine/
That's probably why, if they are not linked from anywhere else, then
Google has no way to find it, unless you have submitted your sitemap to
Google and so on Have you verified your site with Google Search Console
and submitted your sitemap? but why some other pages can be found just 2
or 3 days after published? there are interlinks for these pages I guess
so I really don't know, I think you would need to check in Google Search
Console to see if there were any errors crawling the pages. Webmaster?
Yes, Search Console is the new name for webmaster tools. it said not
verified can you help me do some DNS change as per Google?
google-site-verification=wLLJXNos8kgOTED-Un7TFXZ7Gfu7R709mP5Hi5GNOU4 it
said the txt
\google-site-verification=wLLJXNos8kgOTED-Un7TFXZ7Gfu7R709mP5Hi5GNOU4\
shall be added to DNS Okay, I can add that for you Done Ok thank you so
much It might take a few hours to be detected by Google let me see if it
can be verified not verified now. I will try a few hours later Now ok
There are no important errors Good. Chat with us again if you need more
help :) but still I can't find those pages on GOOGLE I don't know what
happened Google can take a few weeks to start showing up your content
and site URL?. So you may want to give this some time. but some pages
were published over a month Yes, that can happen. Google sometimes takes
it own sweet time because they prioritize? indexing a site based on the
content you have, how popular it is etc. So there is no effective
timeline as such to predict when the pages will show up. Verifying makes
it much faster than being un-verified. So do give this a few more days,
it should happen faster. ok. I thinks. Let's see what will happen next
week thanks for your kind info. Don't mention it. We are happy to help.
Do you have any other questions for me? not yet. Ok. Feel free to open a
new chat if you have any questions. Have a good one! sure. thanks. good
day for you too. am i allowed to post another website on this account
for the fee i paid? The plans are per-site only, but you can create a
new website under the free plan. so i would pay again to start a second
web page for our horses but it would still be under this account when i
log in? Yes! You can have multiple websites in one account. You can try
this on the free plan by going to https://wordpress.com/start when i add
a tag to my site that is to assist in searches so that say if i make a
tag that says nubian goats bc, then anyone searching for nubian goats
will see my site name displayed?\n It doesn't really work like that.
Your content should be relevant to that word. To assist with discovery
in Google and other search engines, please follow this page here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ so our page is for our
nubian goats, how do i get that page to load on searches ? Another
useful resource is https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo What all goes
into turning my site into a .org instead of a .com site? Can I still get
Wordpress to host the site and still have customer support?
WordPress.com will host your site, and you'll have access to live chat
support is your WordPress.org site still up? you'll want to check which
plugins you had running on the WordPress.org, and see which equivalent
exists at WordPress.com, though we can help you figure this out too stay
with me...i am catching up now lol sure, still here :) I have a
wordpress.com site right now and I want to know...if I it to a
wordpress.org site...if Wordpress will still host the site and would I
still have customer support? oh, if you run a self-hosted WordPress.org
site, your site will reside in a different host, a different service
than WordPress.com, so our support would no longer apply WordPress.com
would also no longer be hosting your site I am just not getting any
traffic none... How and where do I upload YouTube verification HTML
file? can you help me with this the site has been up for less than two
months, so it might still take some time to get referenced have you
tried sharing it on your social medias? here are some SEO tips to read
over:\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
yes i have a facebook page for it and a youtube channel with over 100
subs in less than two months I figured that may bring some traffic but
it gets none I don't think you can upload the file, but there should be
a Meta Tag that you can use instead Right. I wasn't sure where to paste
that. You should be able to paste it in the Google section here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/ Oh, got it. I have read those
articles you referenced...they do not seem to help me much. I tend to
learn better when I can do things hands on with help Ok, done it. Let me
see that this works on YouTube now. you can also try to find some
communities online related to your site, and mingle with other users
Thanks, it worked! Cool, you're welcome :) Bye maybe my site just sucks
haha the thing is that traffic gets built over time, and with some
trials, so I suggest finding other places online where you can share
your ideas Bye for now! and then share with your your family, friends,
and ask them for feedback too ok...thank you for your help :) Hey.... Im
really struggling setting up my blog to work properly :-(. Please can
someone help? Thank you Zoe :-) Hi Zoe! We can definitely help! What
would you like to know? Perfect :-), Thank you! Ok so i had my web
designer set up the 'look' of my blog if you like and is great :-) My
problem is now he isn't familiar with blog and i haven't got a clue :-(.
I was going to say: It looks like you've come pretty far already. :) I
basically have 6 subjects and want to be able to easily add new posts
with pictures at my leisure ij their own category and i just can't make
them link? As a test i wrote an example 1st post under the one named
'Baby Grand Designs' which is my current new home build and the post i
think seem to look right...? My question was then to my web guy - how do
i do a second post to follow or be after that 1st post? He hasn't
basically no idea and just left a comment....... Let's go through your
questions one by one Phew... sorry i waffle with stress haha. Perfect!
I'm seeing a few posts on your site. Were these all added by you or by
your web person? Yes - my site is private and not live yet OK! So, can
you navigate to My Site in the top left of WordPress.com for me? Yes -
done Perfect! You'll see all the options for editing your site in the
left sidebar here. These options are grouped up into three sections:
Publish, Personalize, and Configure. Do you see that? Yes :-) :) So,
under Publish are the different types of content that you can add to
your site. Ok..... Click on Blog Posts so that we can take a look at all
of the posts you've published so far. Great! By default, the front page
of your site will display *all* of these posts. Ah is this where my web
designer has gone wrong :-0. I have x6 - which are supposed too be x6
different categories that have posts inside them??? It sounds like you'd
like to categorise some of these posts so that they appear on different
pages. Is that right? I think so.... I'm sorry I'm not very good at this
:-(. On my site you see x6 different squares which are all different
categories. I wanted to be able to click on each and posts to that
specific subject would be housed in there? Does that make sense? Ah,
that makes sense but that isn't actually possible with this theme.
Shhhhhh thats where we are going wrong then... hehe :-0 You could,
however, add categories to each of your blog posts and then link to each
of the categories in your site's main menu. Hmmmmm thats sounds
complicated :-( - i just wanted it to be really simple and easy on the
eye for it to work. We can help guide you on getting set up with that.
So basically with the theme i have now which i love the look of - these
x6 what i thought were categories are actually just posts? So as i do
post they just shoe in date order but are all random? Thank you New
posts will be displayed on your home page that's right. The most recent
post will display first. They'll display in reverse order of date. Ah
yes i see..... ok so i think i should maybe stick with this theme but
can you please help me separate into the category thing lie you
suggested? Thank you *like I can help out with that, absolutely. :) As a
first step, select the option to Edit next to any of your posts. Let me
know when you've done that. Ok so the 1st one - i have clicked on edit
:-) Great! You're now on the post's editor. :) Do you see the Categories
& Tags module to the left? This is where you can categorise your posts
into the different subjects you mentioned. Ah can you delete any of
these created already as a test? I have 2x called trial/test just to see
what they did? That's possible, yes! :) I'll guide you on how to do that
a bit later on. Is it clear to you on how to add categories to posts for
now? So for example - this 1st post can be whatever subject/topic i want
to talk about. Then i add a 'new category' 'day to day waffle' (as the
subject was going to be called) and tick that box? That's absolutely
right! You could then also add a few tags that are more specific to the
post's content. Categories and tags help people to find your posts and
are good for SEO. Try to keep them relevant to your post's content and
don't add more than 15 (combined) as that can appear spammy to some
search engines. Ah perfect - starting to sink in a little ;-). so if it
was a cool lunch/coffee house - i add tags such as 'coffee' 'cool'
'retro' 'best eggs' etc etc? You got it. :) Ahhhhhhh - interesting. ok
it seems to make sense a little now :-) Yay! Now, let's go delete those
categories you mentioned. To do this, you first need to click on
Settings in the left sidebar. its just obviously i can't keep them nice
and neat in different category boxes.... perfect yes i have 3x to delete
lovely :) OK, once you're on Settings, select Writing from along the top
bar: https://wordpress.com/settings/writing/smallgirlbigbigworld.com Let
me know when you're there. Ah i figured it out hehe - i can delete them
all then and start fresh? *them Awesome! You won't even need me at all
soon hehe. :) oh but i need to keep the 'uncategorised' one? A default
category is required and can't be deleted. Perfect!! \Uncategorised\ is
the default default, but you can change that. It sounds like you may
have already edited that? You can edit it to something a bit more
descriptive. For example, the name of your blog: smallgirlbigbigworld.
:) Out of interest - if i did want to ever change to the theme to
separate the subjects like i have realised were can't - what themes
support that? Ah i see - ill change the default to that now :-) Thank
you Cool! There aren't any themes that will display categories in the
form of big images in the way you were after, though I really like the
idea and will page it onto the team. :) You can, however, add links to
each of the categories in your site's main menu. It's possible to do
that with all of our themes. Ah great!!!! The links thing - is that just
what you shown me? New post, add category, add tags? Let me know when
you're done editing your categories and I'll then guide you through
adding the links to your menu. :) Yes, you first need to add categories
in the way I've shown you in order to be able to add them to your menu.
Ah i see... on it now :-). What is the option of the parent thing before
i accept adding a new category? Oh, I'm not sure what you're referring
to sorry. Could you copy/paste the URL of the page you're on? When i
click on to 'add new category' - at the bottom it says 'parent category'
- either tick that or the default 'smallgirlbigbigworld' as you suggest
i change it too?
https://wordpress.com/settings/taxonomies/category/smallgirlbigbigworld.com
Also do i have to give a description? Ah, I see! You only need to select
the parent category option if you wish to create a hierarchy for your
categories. It's not necessary. If, for example, you posted about travel
a lot then you may wish to have a \Europe\ category and then set that as
a parent to categories like \France\ or \Spain.\ Ahhh i sort of see
hahah :-0. Do i keep 'top level' ticked then? If you don't wish to set a
parent category, then yes. Perfect - il go through the six different
ones now quick and get them created as categories :-) Great! Let me know
when you're done. Done - all 6x categories created with 'top level'
ticked :-). Felt like i knew what i was doing hahaha! ? Indeed hahaha!
That's awesome! OK, next step is to get these added to your site's menu.
Does this look correct? Yes, that all looks correct! :) phew...... Now,
can you navigate to Menus in the left sidebar? This confuses me
again.... web design guy set these up - i have x3 ?
https://wordpress.com/menus/smallgirlbigbigworld.com Let me explain. So,
the first drop down menu there tells you that your theme supports menus
in three different areas. id be very grateful! ok.... The Primary Menu
is checked by default and is the one that we want to focus on for now.
The second dropdown menu displays the specific custom menu that you're
currently using for that area of the site. We can keep that as it is for
now too. Below that, you'll see the menu items listed out. ok i think...
You currently have links to the following pages in your menu: About,
Blog, and Me. i think.... Great! Each menu item has a pencil icon and a
plus icon next to it. Select the plus icon to either add a menu item
above or below. Where do you want the links to your categories to appear
in your menu? Ohhh i don't know what you mean? Sorry :-0 Do you want the
links to appear next to the \Me\ link, for example? when you say appear
- how do you mean? I just don't understand if they become visible to the
public or just me? etc etc? Your site's menu appears on your site and is
a way for visitors to be able to quickly navigate to different pages. If
you take a look at the Cubic theme's demo site, you'll see an example:
https://cubicdemo.wordpress.com/ This theme hides the menu beneath the
symbol to the upper right. Click on that symbol, and you'll see the
site's menu. Ahhh see - sorry i get it haha! The menu - as you kept
saying hehe!! I like it like that - do you think its best? You don't
want to add links to your categories there? Honestly lovely - this bit
loses me a little so anything you would advise best i will do :-).
However it works/looks better :-) I recommend having a bit of an
experiment with your theme's settings and then letting us know if you'd
like to make any specific changes. If you would like to add links to
your categories to the menu then we can help. I sort of don't understand
what they are and what they do - I'm sorry :(. Ok shall i have a play
and start it off - then maybe get back in contact? Thank you.. OK! We
have some handy video guidance available in the following documentation
that may help clarify: https://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/ I
recommend taking a look over that, having an experiment, then getting
back in touch with extra questions. We'll be right here for you. :)
Perfect - i will do. Thank you ever so much for all your patience and
help :-). Can i ask your name? Thank you zoe It's Siobhan. :) You're
most welcome! Aww thank you Siobhan - will be in touch soon Zoe c x Bye
for now! :) Bye.... hi....are plugins allowed in any of your plans?\ndo
your default plans do the same as yoast?(seo) Plugins are needed on
self-hosted sites that run the open-source WordPress software. They're
not used on WordPress.com, as many of the features provided by plugins
are already pre-installed.\n So no plan will allow for plugins on
WordPress.com. However, SEO is already built in :-) You can get extra
SEO capabilities with the Business plan But overall WordPress.com has
already done all the SEO work behind the scenes so that you can just
focus on your content You bet! If you have any other questions, please
open up chat and let us know. :) Hello! I am having trouble with a
couple of things and was wondering if you could point me in the
direction of some quick fixes:\n1. I cannot find where to edit the posts
URL title as this pertains to xml mapping, its default is the date the
post was made.\n2. I am having \DNS\ configuration error popping up and
was wondering how to fix this.\n3. Is there any way to upload a custom
xml map or any way to edit this for SEO?\n4. I am having trouble with
SEO in general, as I see it the metatags are synonymous with post tags,
which turn in to metatags but they are not behaving as so. Sure, I'll be
happy to help, let's take this one question at a time So for your first
question about editing the URL We'd be unable to edit the URL structure,
if you have a post the post will have the date in the URL Ahhh ic. Is
this different in the business plan? Great question! No it is not, we do
not have this feature at this time. Ok thanks. DNS error? Do I have to
pay to map my external domain? Running a test on that now for you :)
Thank you :) I'm just showing that you'll need to contact the company
you originally purchased this domain from and have them update a setting
on your domain called the name servers, to point your domain to your
WordPress.com site. These are the name server settings you'll need to
enter into your
domain:\n\nNS1.WORDPRESS.COM\nNS2.WORDPRESS.COM\nNS3.WORDPRESS.COM
Perfect I can do that no problem! Easy fix thank you! Not a problem!
Once those name servers are updated it can take between 24-48hrs for
that change to fully propagate across the internet and your site to be
up. Ok thank you for the heads up! Fixed! Waiting for web admin to ok
the change! Thank you! Great! So, wuestion 3, about the custom xml map-
currently this is not a feature. We already have an xml map for you
here: http://icbm.imsg.ca/sitemap.xml But you can create a custom site
index if that's something you're interested in, here are the steps to do
that: https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/ haha yes I was thinking
about renaming the pictures to have more relevance. It seems like that
is the best way to go to change the xml map in any way Oh yes! Sure
thing! Meanwhile, could you tell me a bit more about Question 4? :) Well
I am trying to optimize the metatags which I remember reading somewhere
you can have up to 15 tags on each page which act as so. But I cannot
make the page very visible on google. For instance if I were to tag each
article with \banana\ 15 times it should show up on the google search
pages eventually if I search for Banana Ah! Okay, so can you tell me
more about which search terms you want to show up for? Quantum fusion,
LENR, CANR, Condensed matter physics, quantum physics, quantum subatomic
particle theory quantum information theory And barring its legal use
\Cold fusion\ just to get hits. Okay! So when search engines view your
site, they're looking at all of the text on your site- and then they put
you in the search engines based off of the content (text/images)
currently on your site. This means that whatever search terms you'd like
to show up for, you'll need to have content on your site (pages/blog
posts/images) around it. That'll help the search engines see that is
what your site is about. Google is trying to have all the best results
on their search engine. So the best way to show up in the search
engines, is to write the best results. I wouldn't recommend tagging one
article 15 times with the same tag. Instead I'd regularly write articles
on each of these topics that you want to show up in the search engines
for. Ok that helps thank you very much! My pleasure! I'd recommend
reading these articles on SEO, which have some great action
areas:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com
and
\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Will give them a look! Thank you very much :) Anytime! how do people
even find my site ? when you type it in anyway it never comes up ? I'm
happy to help. Your site address is https://catscatsrescue.com/, and the
domain does appear to be working correctly for me. I do see that you
have only recently created the site. The domain will take a little time
to propagate to the search engines for it to be found there. but not if
you serch in google or yahoo and so on like most people do ohhhhhh You
can help speed up that process by connecting your domain through the
different Webmaster tools:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ ok i do under stand
that Great! Give it a little time, and I would recommend going through
those connection steps. thank you ^^ I just sent an email . . . but
maybe you're there? My site isn't searchable. HI! I worked with one of
your colleagues yesterday to clear up an issue. We expected to be able
to google \Asheville Wordfest\ today. It isn't working. Let me take a
loojk at your email :) I see I have a new domain for the festival:
www.avlwordfest.com Okay! So I took a look at this. (thanks) It seems
like that there are a lot of results for this particular search, and a
lot of sites with the exact words in the domain. It might take some time
for search engines to pick up your site. Asheville Wordfest is a
ten-year old festival. I changed the domain this year. Some jerk in
England bought the old one. When I had ashevillewordfest.wordpress.com
the engines found it right away. Paying for the premium site includes
searches. Can you help me? There is a lot of competition for these
keywords, so this might take some time, and publishing of regular
relevant content for it to be able to be picked up by search engines. I
don't have keywords programmed into my site. And that's never been the
case before. The festival's always searched easily. Help me more,
please! Poetry's not that competitive. It is searched easily, but there
are a lot of sites with relevant content, and which have been around
longer. ah. That makes a whole lot of difference. But the
ashevillewordfest.wordpress.com site arrived at the top immediately. I
think it's something else. If I type asheville wordfest avl google puts
it at the top. Can I go into the site someplace to speed the process?
You can start writing relevant, original content. I'm assuming you've
already connected your site to Google Search console. Have you seen the
site? to the console. I'm using a static front page. Like a website, not
blog. The site is all relevant, original . . . Do you mean that blogging
will bring it to the top of Google? It should have a positive effect.
Ans yes, I have seen the site. Thanks. There is relevant, original
content. Regular blogging, and sharing on social media increase your
searchability I've shared it. And the wordpress url picked up
immediately. It is the fixed image on the splash page? That might be
because it has the exact words that people would search. Your current
domain does not have that. That also makes a big difference. So I have
to blog . . . It is recommended. what else can I do What SEO tools are
we not looking at? Must be something. Have you submitted your sitemap on
Google search console? No. I have registered with Google. I don't know
how to do a sitempa. map. How do I? Can you? You will need to do that,
but I'll point you in the right direction :) THanks. Google has a help
page for this https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/183669?hl=en
One moment while I read. Your sitemap is here
https://avlwordfest.com/sitemap.xml Thanks for that--was just about to
ask. Not sure which part of the instruction page I'm supposed to be
looking at here . . . \Test your sitemap\ and \Submit your sitemap
(first time)\ should apply to you. one sec.. .. I'm not sure what
I'mlooking at... wait a bit. Moz has a slightly more friendly guide here
https://moz.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-google-search-console (Moz
is supposed to be industry experts in SEO) It says I have no errors. I
did the test. Next step? You have to submit it now, this was just the
test. Okay. I submitted it. Now we wait 24 hours for the crawlers
(yikes)? What else can we do? Well, share links on social networks with
hashtags related to the event. Maybe even @mention sponsors, speakers,
etc. How do I add keywords? It's not a separate thing. Words that people
search for should be a natural part of your content. Thanks for help
with the sitemap. Good work. Have a good night. Please feel free to come
back to us any time. Have a good night :) Hi I'm not really too sure how
to use H1 tags I keep reading about, do they really help google find my
website articles? Our themes add the necessary tags to your site title
and posts/pages titles so that you don't need to worry about it Let me
give you some information on SEO that might be useful ah that would be
fantastic thank you Let me know if you have questions :) thats really
helpful thankyou Glad it helped! If you have more questions do not
hesitate to start a new chat. Have a nice day! I can not fine a way to
upload Google verification codes. It doesn't wok in html for site and I
don't find Wordpress in the domain providers. Whois didn't help either.
Are you trying to verify your domain with Google? Have you had a chance
to check this guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
You can add meta tag in the Settings > SEO tab in your dashboard. Ok I
will try but do I have to subscribe to an upgrade to access SEO?
Business plan includes our SEO Tools feature, but the base SEO features
are available for all WordPress.com sites automatically. So you don't
really need to upgrade except to use SEO Tools:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ OM Thanks I meant OK Thanks!
Thats all I will try this. Thank you So, I'm new to SEO and don't want
to do any damage content-wise. I'm thinking of deactivating one of my
websites, but merging all of its [OLD] content with the remaining [NEW]
one. Would Google penalize me for duplicate content, due to my old site
still being \indexed\? If ANY of this makes sense lol I just want to
make sure before doing anything. Hi there - let me look over your SEO
question :) okay ^^ AH, ok. So, once Google caught up with all the
changes, it would not count this as duplicate content. Oh okay, good!
Just makin' sure Do you know how long that usually takes, or does that
just depend on how big the site in question is? It does depend.
Generally we tell peopel that it can take a few weeks for Google to
index new websites. So, I think its safe to say it could take a few
weeks before newly added content is indexed and the old, closed website
is removed Oh okay, good to know. I' I'll take my time then. Thank you
so much You're very welcome! Please tell me why I am not able to use
Speedyads. Speedyads gives me an HTML link to put in my website. Should
I put that code in the HTML coding of my blog or what? Generally, we do
not support the use of third party ad networks here at WordPress.com. We
have more of an explanation about this here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/monetize-your-site/#advertising Thanks
so much! You're very welcome :) Does Wordads pay good as compared to
other sites such as Infolinks and SpeedyAds? I'm afraid I'm not familiar
with those other services. I can say, however, that many ad networks are
based on ad clicks while WordAds is based on ad views, not clicks. You
can read more about WordAds at http://wordads.co/ Thanks! And I also had
a concern relation to browsing speed of my website Google Analytics
shows a report and they indicate some Javascript problem which is making
the process of opening my site longer Ok - let me check into this for
you I did a quick test on your website and it clocked in under 2
seconds. Out of all the elements that load, there are a number of
javasript elements that take relatively longer. However, overall, I
don't see anything to be concerned about. If you notice the page loading
slow for you, it may be worth investigating Google analytics stated that
this will decrease y rank in search engines How can I solve that
Javascript problem? my ranks* There really is no way to make adjustments
or improvements to the java as it is hard coded into our websites. I can
assure you that our websites are highly optimized for performance and
SEO, so I cannot imagine that this would have a significant impact on
your rankings. Sites that have image heavy front pages can take 10-20
seconds to load and be 10-15 Mb in size. Your website is 871.9 kB, so I
would say it's nothing to be concerned with :) Hello, I have a general
question. How could I optimize my website to be well placed on a google
search with the word \EGIB\ ? Google likes to see the use of your
keywords in the content of your site (pages and blog posts). They also
prefer sites that are frequently updated with original content, so if
you blog and can get your keyword in the post content, that will help
too. Also consider using it in your image titles as you add them to your
media library, so it'll show when someone uses image search. Ok, if I
repeat EGIB on the website, does it work ? Yes, Google and other search
engines will notice repeated use of EGIB throughout your site and
associate that term with your site. (They won't like it if you just say
that a bunch of times over and over, so find ways to put it into your
content.) This post has some good SEO info:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Ok ! Thank you, I'm going to read that. You're welcome! :) Pop back into
chat anytime! Hi!\nHow can i change the meta tag robots in my posts seen
here:\n\n\n I'm afraid this cannot be changed ok thx for your support.
Happy to help :) Hello! I recently upgraded my blog with a premium theme
- and am really loving the new look. However, I've found that for some
reason it appears to have broken my SEO for pages. I've published a new
post and it isn't showing up in Google results, instead my front page
and a completely unrelated post of mine from several years ago are
showing up with those key words instead. I think Google grabbed the
title of my new post from the 'recent posts' widget on the sidebar
(which I've since removed just in case). Or possibly is the front page
in my theme causing issues? Another Wordpress blogger who reposted my
post shows up in Google results but my own post page doesn't show up at
all (just my front page). Is this a known issue with the theme I'm using
(chronicle)? Is there anything I can do to fix this?\n\nI love this
premium theme and would like to keep it, but my blog topic is rather
niche and I want to continue to be confident that potential readers will
find my content with Google searches (until now my posts have been very
high in search rankings). I'm concerned that if Google is only picking
up my front page, which is constantly changing, then readers may not
find the content they are looking for.\n\nAny advice would be really
appreciated! I'm not super experienced when it comes to the technical
side of things and I'd really like to find a solution to this so I can
continue using this premium theme.\n\nThank you,\n\nLemuel Give me a
moment while i read through your request Sure, thanks! let me check this
for ytou History Geek – A collage of ephemera, snapshots, research and
...\nhttps://historygeek.co.nz/\nThese previously unpublished
photographs of the Home Guard offer a rare candid view of an
often-overlooked part of New Zealand's experience during the ... I see
this as the first result when i check your site on google that is Which
seems to match with the first article on your site Is that a link to my
front page? Before I changed my theme, the search results used to link
straight to the specific post for example, a google search for \Postcard
from Gallipoli\ check this page https://www.google.co.in/?gfe_rd=cr=RPe3WLedH4fT8ge2orDQDQ_rd=ssl#q=https:%2F%2Fhistorygeek.co.nz%2F&*
I see this on top for the keyword you gave Postcard from Gallipoli –
History
Geek\nhttps://historygeek.co.nz/2012/10/04/postcard-from-gallipoli/\nOct
4, 2012 - Today I thought I'd share a postcard that has a particularly
fascinating story. It was sent by a New Zealander who was fighting in
the trenches at ... Yes, that was with my old theme Do you use Google
Webmaster tools if you search for my most recent post, it doesn't find
the post, just my front page I haven't used Google Webmaster tools
before Thats because Google may have not yet indexed the post you can
try these steps to set up google webmaster tools
http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ it will help you
monitor how google is seeing your website. ah ok, thank you very much,
I'll give that a go I dont think anything in the theme should affect
search ranking, since all other aspects of your pages remain as it is
This article here also would be handy for you if you search for the
title of my most recent post \Defending Wellington: The Home Guard at
Makara.\ you will see a link to my front page comes up, but no link to
the post itself THats because google has only indexed the front page
which contains a snippet of this article.. they are yet to index the
inner page itself ahhhhhhhh ok, that is reassuring use the google
webmaster tools and tips from the article i shared .. it will really
help Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. I'm not experienced
when it comes to web, so this is a big help. We are always here to help
you anytime :) I'm good thanks, I just wanted to ask about the page SEO.
Thank you very much! Goodafternoon, I am trying to find myself on google
with my website name but it doesn't come up. Also If I am searching on
'weddingplanner Haarlem' it doesn't work. I really would like to fix
this. I tried with seo but maybe I did something wrong. Would you please
help me? Thank you. Google takes several days to index your site
properly check this article for more details on how you could improve
your site on google I will close this chat for now. \nFeel free to come
back on another chat for any further assistance. Good Bye! \\/tag seo
Hello,\n\nI am looking to retrieve the email addresses of my 318
subscribers to my blog.\nThanks for telling me the methodology, I do not
have the place to retrieve these email addresses.\n\nthank you in
advance You can view all of your site's followers via the following page
in your site's stats:
https://wordpress.com/people/team/agenceelement.com I'm currently only
seeing 2 email followers on agenceelement.com. Yes me too! Where are you
seeing the 318 number? In the widget when subscribing to the newsletter
Ah, I see! That number also includes the followers on any social media
accounts that you've connected your site to here:
https://wordpress.com/sharing/agenceelement.com are you sure, my account
linkedin has more than 500 follower and on twitter 313 followers I'm
sure. :) I don't believe the count includes your LinkedIn connections
though. Let me double check on that. I just confirmed that it includes
Facebook and Twitter followers only. Okay thank you ! We’re right here
if any extra questions come up too. Yes, I have another question, how
does the SEO system work, I have seen since we subscribed the business
subscription that meta description fields were available for each
article. But where is the other SEO fields: METATITLE, METAKEYWORDS ....
Thx The option for editing the keywords field isn't provided as Google
doesn't use that in its ranking. You can find their statement on that
here:
https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2009/09/google-does-not-use-keywords-meta-tag.html
As for the title, you can make changes to that by navigating to My Site
in the top left of WordPress.com then Settings > SEO in the sidebar.
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/agenceelement.com You'll see that you
can edit the \Page Title Structure\ of your pages there. ok I
understood\n Great! :) Do you have any extra questions on that? yes,When
I put in the metatitle \ELEM NT - Agency of communication in Bordeaux +
title of the article\ why during a sharing of the url directly on
Facebook, the mignature takes into account the metatitle in full and not
just The title of the article? Facebook will pick up the meta title that
you've set. Please confirm business plan. I just upgraded and want to
make a bunch of changes but I'm ultra paranoid that I'll lose them
again. Yes, you have business plan. There is no chance of losing
anything now as long as I don't change plans? We can't guarantee that as
you have the ability of changing themes and deleting stuff. Ok, I
understand. Hello, \nLaia and I are wondering why we cannot find our
blog via a google search. We thought that if we wrote \poetry around the
world\, the blog would come up. However, we can only see other blogs.
\nIf I put my name in google, it does show one of the poems I
posted.\nIs there anything that we can do to make it easier to find the
blog for people we don't know?\nThanks very much,\nAlice. As long as you
have those abilities, there's a chance of loosing some content or
configurations. Hi alice! It takes time for Google to index your site It
is still very random and start showing it in their search results. I'm
sending you a support page about how search engines work I advise you to
read it carefully as it has tips to help you make it happen faster. Can
you give me an example of articles that are showing different title
structures when shared to Facebook? Not at this moment, but there
probably will be soon :) I do not get the same text when I directly
share the url on a facebook page only when I click the button share the
article Hm, give me a moment to check into that. I checked and you're
right that the title of the article should be displayed when shared to
Facebook, not the meta title. Where are you seeing the meta title?
Indeed it probably works a cache problem. Thx for your help ! byebye I
am working on changeforwomen.org and I have a question about the \learn
more\ links, of which I have 6 on the main page. Ok. What is your
question about those items? So when you click on learn more, you are
directed to a page but is it a page? I would like to add links to the
bottoms that can take you to the next in the list of 6 \issues\ Kind of
like the way it is here at the bottom of the maisha template:
https://maishademo.wordpress.com/ Does that make snse? yes, they are all
pages unfortunately, we don't have an automatic way to add links to the
next pages, but you can do so manually by adding links at the end of
your content here is how to do that
https://en.support.wordpress.com/links/ Ok, that's what I was thinking.
:-) Next question, can you go to the learn more of the education page?
Do you see how at the bottom there is a join us button? It links to the
join us section of the main page but cuts off everything else, is there
a way to link it to the same place but still be able to scroll up if you
want to see the rest of the homepage? Could you please send me the link
to that page?
https://changeforwomen.org/home/first-content-block/education/ the link
on the button is to a page, not to the Join Us section on the homepage I
will grab the right link for you this is the right link to the home page
https://changeforwomen.org/#post-193 That is great thanks. WOuld it be
possible to get custom links to the pages education, safety & equality,
women's rights & family planning, maternal health, and breastfeeding?
That link to the pages but show the rest of the homepage? Hola, al final
de mi blog aparece un widget para que me puedan seguir pero si le doy
les pide email y contraseña, ¿cómo lo puedo arreglar? gracias. Thank
you! sorry for late reply, I was at work. I'll get int ouch if I need
anything else No problem! Feel free to get in touch if you have any
other questions! :) yes, you can grab them by checking the HTML section
they are inserted to Hola! the html on those pages when I'm editing? no.
It is necessary to go to your home page and click with the right button
of your mouse on the title of the section you want to grab the link,
then pick the option Inspect Element Ok I'll try that you will see the
right ID inside the article tag hola this one is for Our Story: post-102
so the link should be https://changeforwomen.org/#post-102 te refieres
al botón azul al final? si!! el que pone \seguir Mola ser Mujer\ Si, lo
que sucede es que ese boton es para usuarios de WordPress.com unicamente
pero puedes otra cosa en cambio dime en vez de el Follow Button usa el
Follow Blog widget te permite recibir seguidores por email y registrados
de WordPress.com tambien incluso, puedes dejar ambos widgets en la parte
de widgets aparece pie de página y me da opción a \Botón seguir\ y allí
me permite escoger ambos (nombre del blog y número de seguidores) y es
lo que he puesto, ¿te refieres a eso? ese es un boton digamos como el de
Facebook, para usuarios registrados. pero puedes poner una suscripción
via email para usuarios no registrados ambos, recibirán las
actualizaciones de tu sitio mira el ejemploi:
https://cloudup.com/cX1OVEUmWBQ So I used #post-110 for the education
page but it still just goes to the education page itself, and not the
section of it within the homepage genial!!! lo he encontrado, gracias
perfecto :) saludos! saludos ;-)))) Hi there. What is the full URL you
used? For education:
http://changeforwomen.org/home/first-content-block/education/ Ok, try
this instead - https://changeforwomen.org/#post-110 Ok, that worked. So
for any of those 6 pages (the ones with the images on the homepage), the
links should be what you just gave me but with the corresponding post #?
That's exactly right. If you have questions about anything else, just
open up a new chat. We’ll be happy to help again. Is there a way to make
my links in the top right a different color? by the top right do you
mean your menu? Yes, sorry what color are you aiming for? This one:
FF4612 try this .navigation-main a {\n\tcolor: #FF4612;\n} Perfect! Next
question. I need to do something about the join us page with the grey
background. Is there a way that I can change that background color from
grey to something else? what were you thinking? for a color Let's try:
3FBFAD this one is a bit tricky, there's an opaque \overlay\ over that
section Yikes. .block-two, .block-two .overlay {\n\tbackground-color:
#3FBFAD;\n} I'm not sure how it will look I think that looks good Next
question, do you see how on the maisha template:
https://maishademo.wordpress.com/ at the bottom, you can hover on the
pictures and they change from black and white to color? Any chance I
could do that on the 6 pictures in the child pages of the first content
block? I'm not sure, i'll take a look I think how this theme does that,
is with \featured\ posts if you give a post the tag \featured\, and a
featured image it *should* show up in that slider area automatically
want to give it a try? Will this change the layout or anything? it
shouldn't Those aren't really posts in the blog sense. posts in the blog
sense? how the Maisha demo is doing that is by marking specific posts
like this one:
https://maishademo.wordpress.com/2015/04/21/help-educate-children-2/ as
a featured blog post I guess I thought you were meaning those were blogs
Ok let's just try it. okay! edit or create a post and give it the tag
\featured\ Ok, I did that Now what? you can see the image now however,
it looks like your original image is already black and white so you're
not going to see a change So I make my original image color and then how
does it change to black and white? It's a function of the theme I don't
think I understand. Right now the featured image for the education page
is a black and white image. Where do I put the color image? So that when
you hover you see color You select it as the featured image for that
post So do I need to make a new post? or edit the current post That page
is part of first content block The theme automatically makes the color
images black and white then, when you hover, it shows the original color
image There's no way to take a black and white photo, and make it color
(It only goes in the other direction) Oh, so I need to put a color image
in there? Ok, I put a color image in there but it still doesn't go to bw
when I hover. Sorry if I'm totally missing this! Hmm, let me take a
peek. Ok! Okay, let's get our ducks in a row and not just the same room;
this is an image you're adding to a brand new post, right? :) I'm having
trouble seeing any post at all, which is why I'm asking. No, I'm not
adding a post. I want to mimic just the hover thing on the images I
already have as the children of the first content block I do see the
post there now. It's at the bottom of the page. that's how this theme
works the posts you select as \featured\ show up in that line when you
hover, it shows color and when you don't, black and white Ok, let me
think about this. Ok, is there a way to get 6 posts across or just do 2
rows of 3? the theme will arrange them automatically, the demo only uses
4, so I'm not sure how it will display more than that but the
instructions indicate you can feature up to 20 posts It goes to another
row. But after 4 oh well Ah, I see. That part can't be changed. Oh well.
THanks Where can I put in keywords and a meta description for my site. I
would also like to know how to insert a mortgage calculator - which
would be a plugin- I believe Can you explain me more about the mortgage
calculator? Are you still here? It looks like you left, so I'll send you
an email with the reply to your queries :)\nHave a great day! i'm not
able to erase the content Which content are you trying to erase? am i
speaking with the same person as i did a couple of minutes ago
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/estmtl.com none of the tags have been
removed yet: http://cld.wthms.co/h9XS once you delete them all, you can
click \save settings\ even when i'm saving the settings it doesn't work
What specifically happens when you click save settings? it says Settings
saved but when i'm going back on the page everything is still there Okay
let's try this delete the tags then click save settings then, don't
click back on your browser close the window entirely and open up the
page again i think we will lose our conversation if i do this you can do
it in a separate window if you like it still doesn't work\n
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/estmtl.com not able to take off the
content from the post section Can you take a look now? I removed what
was there and replaced it with \Post Title\ then clicked the Save at the
top of the page. Hi, Hey there! What can I help you with? I upgraded to
a business plan today (which I had done yesterday and then canceled and
refunded) but can I get a credit again for the premium plan I orignally
purchased? Okay, you want to do back to the Premium plan? No no! I want
to stay at the business plan but is there a way that I can have a credit
for the premium plan I originally purchased? I guess 279 less the 63.12?
Yes. I can give you WordPress.com credits for that or give you a refund
is it working? Yes, it appears to be working now. I removed what was
there and replaced it with the Post Title and saved that. yes it's
working!! A refund would be great. To the card that I used this morning.
But whatever you do please do not downgrade my plan. I have to stay at
the business plan. thank youuuu Okay, I'll go ahead and refund that, the
WordPress.com Personal plan you purchases, and the theme you purchased,
too (since you have unlimited premium themes with Business) But that
won't make the theme go away will it? Ok, one sec It'll stick around :-)
Okay, I've refunded you $188. The refund will appear back on your
payment method in 3 to 5 business days. You're still on the Business
plan and nothing else has changed :-) Oh wait, your CSS get reset. Let
me fix that What card did you do the refund on? I have used 2 different
ones. The cards you originally used Will I see receipts for those? You
can see them at WordPress.com/purchases Including the refund info Hello,
sorry yes, I was away. Back now. I would like to add a mortgage
calculator to our website. I believe this is the code. It is a
calculator for people trying to figure out how much their monthly
payments are for a mortgage. Hi there, \nI'm sorry, but that embed code
will not work because we do not allow certain tags on WordPress.com for
security reasons, including JavaScript, Flash, iframe, form, and input
tags. These restrictions are in place to prevent any disruptions in
service due to potentially malicious code. You can read more about this
here:\n\nhttp://support.wordpress.com/code/ Ok, so what can I do to get
a calculator plug in on our site Because that code contains an iframe,
it is not possible to use it here So I will need something withut an
iframe? We do not offer a way to add that kind of calculator on
WordPress.com What do I do then, this is something that all broker
websites offer. Because of the functionality that needs to be built into
something like that to make it work, there is not likely a non-iframe
solution But you do have a few options here Ok, what do you suggest The
first option is to link a visitor to an external site where they can
calculate their mortgage, with a link like \visit here to calculate your
mortgage\ Your other option is to migrate away from WordPress.com and to
a self-hosted WordPress (also called \.org\) site, which are sites that
you create on a web host, like Bluehost, GoDaddy, etc. That is a more
advanced version of the platform that you can host on any standard web
host, and will allow you to add iframe code I do have our domain name
with go daddy. the advanced version of the platform you suggested is
that the Business Plan The Business plan does add advanced features to
your WordPress.com site, but it is still a site on WordPress.com, so
there would not be a way to add an iframe code, even if you were under
that plan So a platform switch would still be needed in order to add an
embed like that Ok, it looks like Go Daddy has a plan similar to the
Business Plan- its called Ultimate. Do you know if that plan is one that
would work with adding a plug in for this calculator and an online
mortgage application? To clarify, WordPress.com and self-hosted
WordPress sites (using software from WordPress.org) are two different
entities, so I am not familiar with GoDaddy's offering in this case
However, the version of WordPress they use would likely allow that It is
common amongst self-hosted sites To explain the difference, WordPress is
free open-source software that is owned by no company or entity. You can
download it from WordPress.org and install it on any server for free,
but because it is free it does not come with support. That is the
version GoDaddy uses, and it is more advanced (usually the choice of web
designers and developers) but allows you access to the source code, so
you can pretty much do what you want with the site We also use this same
software (a custom version of it) that has been adapted to work on a
cloud-based service. This simplifies setting up a WordPress site, as you
do not need a host, you can just sign up and create a site. This also
means we can support your site (if it is on WordPress.com) which is a
big advantage if you are just starting out. But because we are cloud
based, we do have some limitations, like the inability to add iframe
code\n Oh I see, so in order to add code, I would need the external
hosting source- either through Go Daddy or wordpress.org Is this also
why I don't know where to put in metadescriptors or keyword coding/ We
do offer those SEO tools as part of our WordPress.com Business Plan, so
that limitation has more to do with the plan you are under currently To
get both the plugins I need and the meta descriptors and SEO,
analtyics... I would need to go with either wordpress.org or with the Go
Daddy then Yes, and for sites in your business, that (or a industry
specific platform) is common Ok, thanks for your help I will look into
reading the material on the wordpress.org and contacting Go Daddy to see
which system would be best suited for our website goals More info on the
difference between WordPress.com and self-hosted WordPress (also called
\.org\) sites here - en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ Get my blog to
show up on Google search\n I went through the steps with regard to DNS,
etc. but my blog still isn't showing up Hey there! Let me take a look I
have to leave but will check back here soon - thanks for your help It
looks like Google does find your site when you search for the site's
address, so that's a good sign. What kind of search terms are you using?
Okay, that's no problem. Whenever you're ready, you can drop back by :-)
Oh interesting - I don't see it when I search for it I copied in my
address, I typed in bite insight, I used different search engines This
is the search I did:
https://www.google.com/search?q=https%3A%2F%2Fbiteinsightca.blog=https%3A%2F%2Fbiteinsightca.blog=chrome..69i64.1034j0j4=chrome=UTF-8
Back! I'll try searching it again - how did you find it? If you search
for site:biteinsightca.blog you can see all the results that Google has
for your site Then it's a matter of figuring out how to target your
keyword searches Hi! How to rank site higher on search pages internet?
Is there some I can do to make it possible or do you do it? Thankyou
Ranking high on Google can take a while - a lot of factors can
contribute to your ranking For example, how active your site is i.e. how
often you publish posts, quality of posts, how many external good sites
link to your site We have a guide here on writing content that's
optimized for search engine ranking:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n Message
us any time here whenever you're around :) Hola, cuando busco mi blog en
google me pone este mensaje:\nmolasermujer.com/\nNo hay disponible una
descripción de este resultado debido al archivo robots.txt de este
sitio\nMás información\n¿Qué ocurre?\nGracias. ¡Hola! Un momento que
miro :) gracias Lo cambiaste a público hace 2 días y Google tarda entre
4 y 6 semanas en indexar ahhhhh, es por eso???? y no se puede acelerar
de alguna manera? 4 a 6 semanas es una \eternidad\ ;-)) Has verificado
tu dominio con Google? no es obligatorio pero te puede ayudar como lo
hago? Puedes ver los pasos aquí:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/
genial! voy a intentarlo puedo hacerte otra pregunta? Claro! las que
quieras :) me gustaría comprar otro dominio no para hacer otro blog sino
para que cuando la gente escriba las palabras similares a mi blog vayan
directamente al mío es decir, el mio es mola ser mujer y el que quiero
comprar es ser mujer mola como hago la compra y la redirección? se puede
hacer? no entiendo muy bien, quieres decir que quieres comprar el
dominio sermujermola.com y tener los dos en tu sitio? si, eso se hace
así? o se comprar palabras en google? como es? ah, dominios y términos
de búsqueda en Google son diferentes si tienes el dominio
sermujermola.com se te encontrará en Google si se busca ese dominio pero
si alguien pone ser mujer mola, estarás en competición con otras páginas
y como son palabras comunes, habrá bastantes resultados como hago para
tener ventaja? ;-) hay alguna manera? La mejor manera es publicar
contenido de calidad regularmente, relacionado con ese tema. Estos
enlaces te pueden interesar: Cómo publicar entradas que gusten a los
motores de
búsqueda:\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n\nSEO
y tu
blog:\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nTodo
sobre SEO en WordPress.com:
\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n
gracias! vaya, tengo un montón de trabajo por delante seguiré tus
consejos un saludo SEO es un maratón y requiere tiempo pero merece la
pena :) ;-) Hi! WHat is the recommendend length of meta description?
Search engines generally cut these off at 160 characters. So, anything
below that number would be recommended. Si necesitas más ayuda no dudes
en empezar un nuevo chat.\n¡Feliz viernes! gracias e igualmente :) If
any other questions come up then we'll be right here too. thankyou! I am
having trouble with Facebook posting\n What trouble are you having? Do
you have a link to specific posts or pages you're having trouble with?
the post just went up - laura kriho and jury nullification It did not
automatically post to facebook when i posted a link manually, it doesn't
look good https://www.facebook.com/debnroo Let me take a look at that,
one moment. It's putting the name of the blog AND the tagline AND the
post title all jammed together I'm taking a look into why the post
failed to be shared automatically, bear with me. still there? I am. :)
Did you get my last message? OK! Facebook is pulling that information
from the meta titles you've set for posts in your SEO settings:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/andyroomowery.com sorry, it was
scrolled up been waiting on you! Oh no! That must be a glitch in our
chat system. Sorry about that! I'll get that reported back. Did you
catch up on the conversation? If you navigate to the Posts field in the
\Page Title Structure\ panel then you'll see that your posts are set to
display Site Title + Tagline + Post Title. That title will be used when
your posts are displayed in search engine results in on social networks,
like Facebook. do you put spaces in between? Yea! I recommend placing
spaces and perhaps a | to separate them. ok, i've made some adjustments
Perfect! It may take a couple of hours for those changes to begin to
display in places like Facebook when you share your posts. thank you. i
think that takes care of that issue. appreciated. Great. :) I can also
see an error associated with the failure of your post to be shared to
Facebook. I'm going to need to check in with our developers to confirm
the meaning of the error. Is it OK if I follow up with you via email on
that? Hi there! How can I help you? Hi, So I work for an online magazine
that uses wordpress and they have a Keyword, SEO and Readbility tools,
why don;t I see those same things on my blog? Can you let me know which
site they're using, so I can take a look? Kontrolmag.com Okay, that site
is hosted somewhere other than WordPress.com (using the free software
from WordPress.ORG), which means they have built a custom solution on
top of WordPress using plugins. So those SEO/Readability options would
come from one of the plugins they're using. Oh... How can I get that
stuff? Does wordpress has those things? We wouldn't have the same exact
plugin available here on WordPress.com, but the Business plan does
include some similar options. You can learn more about them here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ SEO is really just about
writing clear and relevant content, though, so they're not necessarily
needed (most SEO plugins are really just glorified check lists). If you
don't want to upgrade to the Business plan to get our SEO tools, we have
some tips here that can help you with that for any WordPress.com site:
http://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n Ok, I'll
look into that.. Thank you Hi WordPress Folks,\n I have a business plan
with you for my webpage. I published the website on February 4 along
with my blog site that is hosted by you as well. It is not coming up in
a Google search. I looked from page 1 to page 10. Could you tell me if
it's a SEO matter or if Google hasn't indexed them yet? Has your site
been public since Feb 4th? so has my blog Hmm I see it in google for
\spiritual life coaching RJ\ so we know google at least sees it and
lists it Do you also see my blog: After the 12 Steps? I think you could
improve the site by adding your location though - since you offer in
person consultation So it sounds like it's an SEO issue. Yes, exactly -
google sees them - but doesn't rank them too high yet for the terms you
are using http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
SEO takes time to build, and finding your community is a big part of
that which also takes time I was hoping that my business plan would have
a fine-tuned SEO so that my page would appear close to page 1 I
understand that the business plan comes with support that is above and
beyond the premium plan. Is that right? You do have some additional
options under settings>SEO but there is no way to just get to the top of
common terms - you are competing with the rest of the web - SEO takes
time to build So far, you aren't doing a lot of our suggestions in the
SEO guide: http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
such as adding tags to each post that reflect common keywords for that
post I'd also suggest finding other blogs through wordpress.com/tags
that speak on similar subjects and commenting there - which creates
links back to your work and strengthens further your community and SEO
So can I get someone to help me with the SEO for my business plan or do
I need to learn SEO by reading your documents? SEO is about your content
which is always yours to generate Google purposefully designed their
algorithm so you cannot just buy your way to the top - you'll need to
keep building your audience, keep publishing original content, and try
to add as many elements of the guide I linked you to as you go If there
is not a significant difference between the business plan and the
premium plan, I don't know why I should keep the plan at an extra $200.
More guides here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ That is up to
you - if you don't want the business features - I can move you back down
to Premium So the support is the same for the premium plan as it is for
the business plan? Did you do the 1on1 meeting with the plan? No, I
wasn't aware that I could. I think we email new business users about it
I may have missed it. I'd check your email for the invitation Will the 1
on 1 help me with SEO? They can talk more about it, but it is always
going to be up to you to generate the content that SEO processes And
they can show you the tools under wordpress.com/settings/seo You can ask
me to if you are having trouble using them (: I'm not angry BTW. I just
want to make a good decision about going back to the premium plan from
the business plan. Do you know if I can change the two lines of text
that appear in a Google search with the premium plan? By changing the
SEO settings in the premium plan? everything you see now under SEO
disappears if you remove business, except for the bottom section
connecting to services page title structure and meta are business only
Good to know. Thank you for the articles that you sent me. Do they go
into detail about SEO? But it all comes back to the content you must
create there is no magic formula for SEO - it requires mindful creation
of content Thanks so much for your thoughtful support Have a great
weekend! You as well! I cannot find the Yoast Plugin for seo Can you
direct me to where I can get this? WordPress.com sites have built-in SEO
capabilities though the Yoast plugin or any other plugin are good for
self hosted WordPress.org installs my site is not showing up in google
search based upon my main page title new sites usually requires around
5-6 weeks to be featured in Google search results as this is the time
Google takes to crawl and index new sites I want it to rank high for the
seo title Carrot Customer Success Hero WordPress.com auto generates an
.xml sitemap file for your site, so you don't have to worry about
configuring SEO I am in a competition with someone else and his is
already listed at the top of google and he just did it 2 days ago I
understand, though we can't really change the way Google works, I'd like
to take a look at this competing site to see if they actually did
something we don't know about it there's no way for me to run a check
and make sure my site is seo optimized myself? ok it is erikstoddard.com
and which search term do you use to get this site first on Google?
carrot customer hero candidate sorry carrot customer success hero
candidate the site it's cached so it basically means it has more than
month you'll need a similar/equal site title and description also, make
sure to use custom posts excerpts when publishing content i thought I
was doing this. where can I go and make sure these are in there? Im use
to using wordpress.org and doing all this myself. dont like the admin
navigation of wordpress.com as much right now Yes I understand, we do
have more advanced features for SEO though they require a Business plan
and we are aware of plugins for self hosted WordPress.org install I can
take a look at your site and content and see if there's something you
can improve please do let me know if it looks optimized for seo serach
for those words ok, I'll be right back. I'd suggest you to remove the
ending of the site title \Carrot Customer Success Hero Candidate - DJ
Noah\ DJ Noah and use it on the Site Tagline instead as your domain name
already contains the words djnoah your excerpt for the blog post Carrot
Q Solution Blog looks good, it seems like you know what you're doing so
you'll be fine tags also look good nie work on this exceprt: \A little
information about DJ Noah and why he believes he could be the next
Carrot Customer Success Hero\ nice* honestly, all your excerpts all
perfectly crafted in the instructions for this assignment it said to
optimize home page for SEO for \Carrot Customer Success Hero Candidate -
[Your Name]\ Im assuming so they can find it easy for each person
submitting. Will placing this on the tagline instead of what I have on
tagline mess this up per their instructions? is the slug just for the
url or does it relate to the title in meta data for SEO use? not really,
as your name it's already on the domain name -though it's only me
personal preference so you're also fine leaving it if you feel like it
is necessary you can see yourself your site map here:
https://djnoah.me/sitemap.xml when i did an online seo analyzer it said
I lacked keywords for my site..which I know are important for SEO where
can i input keywords? for each page keywords are everywhere in your
content for example, titles uses headings from H1-H6 make sure to use
the key words among the first two paragraphs of among the first 150
words they'll work as a content preview when i used yoast with wordpress
it had a place in the admin where i can add keywords so thats what I was
thinking i was missing in this one a SEO expert or tool will direct you
towards an specific way, most probably different ways but I suggest from
my experience, not my SEO expertise so please bear that in mind i
understand Im just trying to get a second opinion. second look before I
submit this thing one last thing. my title on the home page. IS it
necessary for SEO? I have it in the header. HAving it where it is looks
bad and it is spaced out too much before the video and I cant change the
font size not totally needed, use something else that could describe
what the site's about can i change teh spacing and the font size? the
fonts can be changed from the customizer and the spacing will require a
CSS customization which is part of the Premium plan by spacing i mean
the distance of white space before and after the words enjoy your
weekend you too. trying to save my updates and it gives me an error
message saying the draft was not saved? It seems to have logged me out
of my wordpress and now my log in is not getting me back in. Can you
help? Hey there! Gotcha, it sounds like your login cookies might have
gotten messed up. The best way to fix that is to delete them and try
again. We have instructions for clearing cookies here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/browser-issues/#clearing-wordpress-com-cookies
am i going to lose my updates? No, they'll be saved. If you can't get
them back right away, let us know and we can help Actually if you want
to be extra sure I can try to save them to a draft from our end, let me
see here Which post or page are you working on? home page...primary
Okay, it looks like we do have a saved copy of that page So it will come
along :-) most recent one so i am deleting all cookies? is that correct?
If your browser offers a search, I'd recommend only deleting cookies
from WordPress.com. Deleting all cookies will mean you have to log in
everywhere again and that's a pain still getting error when I try to
update. Says, Saving of draft failed im trying to log back in but it
wont accept my verification code? after entering in my login information
Which account are you trying to log into? hawkfan88@gmail.com isnt that
the one this wordpress is under? that im wrking on now? It looks like
the email address we have on this account is djnoah@att.net ok let me
try that one i logged in, but it still is not showing my most recent
draft saves. Do you still have the editor where you were working open? i
have two windows open now. the one i was tring to save with all the
changes and the new one without Okay, if you click on the HTML tab, you
can see the current code for that post. If you push ctrl (cmd on Mac) +
A it will select all of that, and you can copy it. After that, try
pasting it into the HTML tab of the new window, overwriting what's
currently there that worked. thank you. You're welcome :-) Was there
anything else you could use a hand with? How to make the Yoast SEO
plugin installation? Sounds like you're interested in accessing the SEO
settings on your site? YES!!!!! Instead of installing plugins, our
features are already built-in. You can access your site's SEO settings
here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/ My website doesn't conduct
Yandex That's okay, you can leave the Yandex settings blank if you don't
plan on using it I'd recommend reading these articles on SEO, which have
some great action
areas:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
The robots.txt file isn't found \nThe robot of Yandex couldn't get
access to the robots.txt file why? In the robots.txt file the directive
Host isn't set Is this for the site http://barcelona-gid.net? How to me
to solve this problem? I ran a test on Google:
https://www.google.com/?gfe_rd=cr=ffa6WLvkOavA8geLxrMo#q=site:barcelona-gid.net&*
and it's not showing any errors. Running tests on Yandex now What source
code of the robots.txt file? Looks like Yanex can also see your site
okay too:
https://www.yandex.com/search/?msid=1488647884.04107.20941.30777=barcelona-gid.net=10393
Can you tell me where exactly you're seeing this error? Yandex the Web
master has given an error message the robots.txt file isn't found Yandex
the Web master has given an error message In the robots.txt file the
directive Host isn't set Hmm, it looks like it is. Here is a link to it:
https://barcelona-gid.net/robots.txt Is there a way to include the email
subscription in posts instead of a widget? The same with the \Follow\
button?\n Hi Anthony can you tell me a bit more about what you're
picturing by including it in a post instead of a widget? People are not
signing up via the widget so I'm seeing if its possible to put it in
posts I will show you what i mean. The USA Today uses it and I'm getting
you a link hi - I'm trying to get my website to show up in a google
search and am having no luck. Any suggestions? It's only available on
their mobile articles hi - I'm trying to get my website to show up in a
google search within my area. do you have any suggestions? you can add a
\blog subscription\ shortcode into a page or a post
https://en.support.wordpress.com/blog-subscription-shortcode/ maybe
that's what they do Getting a site to show up in Google (and other
search engines) can be a bit tricky indeed. I added a \keywords\ page
and thought that might help There are no fixed rules for it, but I can
give direct you to some resources that might help. should I just go
through google business? I have an account with them and have not
activated it yet. This should be helpful: You can't do that with the
follow button, but with the email subscription, you can use that
shortcode Google themselves can give you more details about how you can
optimize your site, for sure. It's important to note however, that
Google is very slow with adding sites. Sometimes it takes weeks or
months before they include a site in their search results. We can do
this with wordpress.com?
https://account.longreads.com/membership/signup/?utm_source=_medium=banner_content=page-footer_campaign=member-promo
also, this ... https://longreads.com/best-of-2016/ that isn't available
for a WordPress.com site. Longreads has extra functions that aren't
available here why? They are using the same platforms as us Certain
sites, like Longreads or Time magazine, utilize our VIP hosting services
All the wordpress.com business accounts should have the same platforms
It does not say that those options have more features, but also cost
much more Nowhere on their website says they use Wordpress.com VIP it
says \Proudly powered by WordPress\nCreate your own site at
WordPress.com\ It doesn't have to, but it's not a Business site The
features longreads uses aren't available on a Business plan I bet there
are options online that could solve that problem If you host your site
elsewhere, sure! But on WordPress.com, with the Business plan, you
cannot nope. I'm sure I could find embed codes that could do similar
things You absolutely could, for a site hosted elsewhere. But we don't
allow those types of codes why? We limit what types of code can be
embedded, or what types of code can be used, because things like
iFrames, Javascript, and outside plugins can create security issues If
you need access to those features, you may be happier with a host like
Pressable or Blue Host those hosts use the open-source WordPress.org
software: https://get.wp.com/ It's more flexible, but it's not supported
by us here at WordPress.com, so you'd be responsible for your own
support I used wordpress.org for 10 years and it sucked. My website
would always crash and they would tell me that they could never help me
because the size of my content Now, when I ask for help, usually
somebody is there to talk That's definitely the tradeoff between having
a WordPress.com site, versus a WordPress.org site We offer direct
support for our sites, but to balance that out we limit what can be
added or customized Self-hosted websites told me that it would cost
between $1,000-$1,500 per month to host my website. Now. I'm only paying
$299 That's another trade-off Hosts that use the open-source WordPress
software, they offer their own support and services They're not
associated with us here at WordPress.com On WP.com, we offer direct
support to our users, and our plans can be more affordable, with the
trade-off being you don't have access to specific features like the one
you're referencing above As a WP.com Business plan user, what you're
asking just isn't available. So you can still use the blog subscription
shortcode I mentioned earlier or, to get exactly that feature, you'd
need to choose a different host how can my site rank higher in SEO? we
handle the bulk of the SEO automatically:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ But with the Business
plan, you can also tweak features such as your meta descriptions:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2016/10/03/attract-more-visitors-to-your-business-site-with-our-advanced-seo-tools/
how many categories or tags should a post have before it is excluded in
the Reader Topic pages? Also what is the reader topic pages to begin
with? we also offer more advanced advice here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU7uxbngrq4 I wouldn't use more than 3
or 4, personally What that does is let people search for your content in
the Reader itself like this: https://wordpress.com/read/search?q=Beauty
ok let me look in the website, it says 15, but beauty has 5 tags in the
video* You can have more! But I personally don't recommend more than 3-5
if i do not fill out the SEO or Meta boxes, my SEO will be hurt? it
won't, we automatically generate that content but, you can tweak it to
your own specific liking as well It depends on your needs! can you
better explain header tags heading* Sure. Are you referring to the meta
tags we were just discussing? it says heading tags in posts OK. Is that
from one of the Longreads posts? no the video This one?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU7uxbngrq4 the Everything you need to
know about SEP and Marketing for your website video Great, that's the
one. Can you tell me the time where she mentions heading tags? I want to
make sure I give you the correct information. Around the 10:27 mark
Thanks. Let me take a look... OK, Heading Tags are used to organize your
content. Also at the top of each photo, it needs a title? at 15:48 she
says that They typically appear in a larger font, and they help the
search engines determine how your content is organized, as well. We
recommend adding a title to your photos. This too helps the search
engines determine the content of the photo. I'm watching the video and
if i do, i will reach out OK, sounds good! We'll be here if you need
anything else. :) Cheers for now! what's \stop\ words in URL links? she
did not really say much besides remove words like and These would be
words that aren't directly related to the subject. Some examples are
\and\, \or\, \but\, etc. how do you set up a page structure for better
seo? it is not in the video but i do not have anything on mine, it
appears Did you get that information from somewhere specific? Or is it
just a general question? general question, but it in the video, it shows
that the construction site (at 22:53), it shows that they have stuff in
those sections Let me take a look... Are you referring to the area where
you can set your page titles? Page Title Structure\n You can set the
structure of page titles for different sections of your site. Doing this
will change the way your site title is displayed in search engines,
social media sites, and browser tabs.\n\nhere
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/thecapitalsportsreport.com Yep. So
that's really a matter of preference, and we don't have specific
information on what to use. We do have a good example of how to set it
up here: what would you recommend for each? I would recommend what we
show in the example on that page. That's a good \default\ approach for
your titles.
https://en-blog.files.wordpress.com/2016/09/title-format-editor1.jpg?w=720=829
this? So according to the video that each page and post needs a meta
description. Is that correct? That's what we recommend. When you add a
meta description, the search engines will typically pick it up and use
it as the description in their listing. If you don't add it, they'll
still use something, but that will be determined by an algorithm rather
than you. ;) Feel free to get in touch again if you have any other
questions! At 28:00, it shows International Tracking through Google
Search Console Where do I find that? I do not see it Let me take a look.
One moment please… That section of the video is showing you how to set
everything up in the Google Console interface. So you wouldn't see it in
our interface. i'm on the google Console interface and i do not see what
she is talking about OK, I understand. We do try to be as helpful as we
can here, but unfortunately we wouldn't be able to assist you with
questions specific to the Google Console. You may want to try contacting
their support for any questions related to that. they do not have a live
support Yep, I understand that. But we're not trained to support Google
Console, so you'd really need to talk to them if you have questions
about it. I'll be happy to answer any questions you have about your
WordPress.com account. Great. Sorry I can't be more helpful with this
one. :) Did you have any other questions right now? Where's my sitemap?
We automatically create an XML Sitemap and ping the search engines when
you update your site. You can learn more about this here: If you have
any other questions on this, or need anything else, please let us know!
what's pressthis? Press This is a bookmarklet that allows you to quickly
share content from another site on your WordPress.com site.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/press-this/ how do you get discovered
on discover.wordpress.com? That is a great question. :) We have tips for
getting featured on Discover here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-featured-on-discover/ there is
a problem with the press this page This site can’t be
reached\n\nen.support.wordpress.com unexpectedly closed the connection.
OK. Let me try it from here. Even the discover page is not working OK,
thanks. I'm able to access both pages from here. So it's possible
there's a local network issue. These are typically temporary, so you
should be able to access the pages later today. maybe Are you able to
access this page? https://en.support.wordpress.com/ let me see nope
Thanks. So it definitely sounds like a network issue. Have you been able
to access our support pages in the past? OK, that's good. I'd just give
it some time, then, and you should be able to access them again. As an
FYI, our live chat support closes in about 3 minutes. But we'll be in
again tomorrow from 8 am - 4 pm EST. Feel free to get in touch again if
you need anything else! a lot of y content are typo free but its never
been on discover... is there anybody to help? how Wordpress help in SEO?
secondly how can i use 100USD for adwards? here's a guide to use the ad
credits: https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-adwords-credit/ as for
SEO, WordPress.com takes care of that for you, we already send all the
content of your site to Google i c so there was no need of submitting
sitemap etc? and when something is changed on my website you also send
update to google? we already submit the sitemap for you when? i
submitted it on webmaster tools as well yes, instantly, we send the
changes, but it does take Google 3-4 weeks to update their search
indexes and how can i check if any of my website's pages are indexed or
not? copy some text from the pages, and search for it in Google if the
pages turn up in the search results, then you'll now it's been indexed
secondly there is \Offer valid in US and Canada after spending 25$\
Offer valid in US and Canada after spending 25$? what does this mean as
we are in UAE unfortunately, it means that you won't be able to use the
offer do you maybe have family or friends living in the US or Canada, an
ask if you can borrow their address? i need to promote my website in UAE
will this effect if i use adward from us or canada? no, well the address
is used for billing when did google crawled inteslar.com and is there
any idea when will google crawl it next time how can i checkk that? for
more details about that, I suggest checking with Google, here's the
Webmaster's forum where you can ask for clarifications:
https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!forum/webmasters ok thank you
Very much can i minify css,javascripts while hosting with wordpress.com?
secondly regarding SEO i want to ask that since you have submitted my
website to google, i also have submitted sitemap so does this have any
negative impact? no that won't have an impact what did you mean about
css, and javascript? like if i test my website on google pagespeed it
gives some suggestions to improve my websites, one of those suggestion
is to minify css or minify javascript those can't be edited Hello\nWhen
searching for my Website on Google it's shown but underneath there it
says that it's not being shown correctly on the search engine as being
\blocked\ by robots.txt file.. What can we do about that? I had the idea
to download a plugin to change the Robot.txt file, but there are only
veeery few plugins available on my wordpress account?!\nThanks for
helping,\nKind regards I'd be happy to help - give me a moment to take a
look and I'll be back Right I see - so what happens is your site was
private until very recently. It actually takes a couple of weeks for
Google (and other search engines) to update new sites they find Soon,
you'll see an update version, which will display your site content
Alright, thanks. So I'll just have to wait.. Will I be informed as soon
as this has been done? No - this is not something Google/we do I'm
afraid I saw in the plan that i purchased, the personal one, that \SEO\
was included, when in fact it wasn't as you find out after purchasing
the plan, this needs to be fixed, otherwise i'm sorry but I will need a
full refund. All WordPress.com sites are optimized for search engines,
but advanced seo settings are only available in the Business plan. In
what ways are they optimised, without upgrading? I would recommend
reading this page(and the ones linked there)
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo Yes, okay, thank you for your help,
this covers what i was looking for. When I google search my name \Kate
Jellinghaus\ (which is an unusual name), my blog does not
appear...\n\nI'm wondering what to do so that people will find my blog
when they search my name, without having to type in the title of my
blog, which is recycledclay.com Let me pull up your website to have a
look Good afternoon,\n When people google my website pazink uzsieni they
see this URL https://pazinkuzsieni.lt/author/ldauksyte/. Is it possible
to change it? \n\nThank you for help,\nLaura Do I need to put my name
somewhere? for it to be easily found in a google search? Hi Laura! Good
question. I'm taking a loo now. look* Well, it is listed on each post
for the Author. And I see you have it on your Bio page. So, then why
doesn't it pop up under a google search for \Kate Jellinghaus\? Google
takes into account hundreds of factors when deciding what to display as
search results for certain terms. I would expect that to be one of the
first search results to pop up... but I'm not finding it. It may be a
good idea to ask search engines to recrawl your site's URLs, so they
feature pages that have content on them. They have instructions here for
how to do that:
https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/6065812?hl=en Oh, I found
it but it's on the third page of search items... Is there any way to
move that up? One thing I would suggest is to add some more content to
your website as a place to start I see... So basically there's nothing
to do but add more content? We also have a number of articles that can
help improve your rankings in search results:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ If I linked to google services,
like google + does that help? Google likes to see a website that is
regularly adding new content, getting new visitors, keeping visitors
engaged on your website, having other sites link to your website, and
you linking to other relevant websites. Those are some of the factors
that tend to improve your search results Let me know if you have other
questions about how that works. Also, improving your rankings is a long
term process and can take some consistent work over time, but it is
definitely possible! I'm not so interested in \increasing my rankings\
as in: If someone searches my name, I want my blog to pop right up as
one of the first things... does that make sense? Yeah - that's sort of
what I mean. When we talk \rankings\ we mean, when a certain search term
is entered (such as your name) how high in the search results does your
website appear. Ideally, you do want the first few spots (obviously!)
Actually, I just tried something and it worked!: I just posted my blog
on Google+ and made it public and then google searched my name again...
and, sure enough, it popped up as #2! Looks like they prioritize google
products.. Yes - I think you are right! Hello, I try to optimize the
referencing of my site so that it is in first position as soon as I
write : \asalac\ or \rally Limousin\ or \Rally Limousin New Aquitaine\
... Can you explain? The generated map site is far from taking into
account the structure of my menus how to proceed? I can try... my level
is very bad ;) So, First : Can you explain me How make a good website
for google ? Hi there! I'm happy to help with that. I can send you some
things, and you can translate them into your language later if you like
:) We have some information here about how to use your SEO settings:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2016/10/03/attract-more-visitors-to-your-business-site-with-our-advanced-seo-tools/
There is more here as well: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/
Can you read my site map ? I don't see my menu Thanks for waiting - I am
looking at your sitemap here: https://asa-lac.com/sitemap.xml It looks
like all your menu pages are in there, but if you see any missing let me
know hi, was speaking with Charlie S yesterday about a problem saving
alt text and descriptions in images. Her sent me some instructions this
morning about turning Javascript back on but the instructions don't work
let me check your earlier conversation You can add alt text from two
places .. 1 from the media library 2. Within the HTML code of the page
itself yes, I know but they are not saving!!!! Have you tried clearing
browser history after saving ? Can you share a page as an example, where
we can work on this together just look at my portfolio page that has the
photos on it ... none of them work ... need to add alt text and
descriptions if you look at this photo
https://melbourneactorsheadshots.com/ you can see in media library I
have addeed descriptions but then it doesn't show up let me check look
at the screen shots i just added in new media This may take me sometime
to troubleshoot. can i check and come back to you over email? The issue
seems to be due to the way the theme has been coded. Since you have a
premium theme, you have exclusive support from the theme authors too
right ehre https://premium-themes.forums.wordpress.com/forum/studio you
can post the query here as well. While i will check it independently
from my side too Does your Cpanel filemanager show any Index.html page ?
can you rename that to say old-index.html SOrry kindly ignore the last
couple of messages what does that mean!!!!!!! they were meant for
another user this needs to be sorted ASAP. I am trying to get a bettwr
ranking. I was told for months by you that my site was indexed! It was
NOT! There were problem with the site map and I had to pay someone to
fix it. All I encounter here is problem after probelm!!! sorry, but
getting annoyed I can understand the reason for you being annoyed.
However this is something that the theme development team will need to
review. While i will note a feedback for them, you can speed it up by
posting on the forum mentioned. no, please just help me fix this problem
I will keep in touch with you over email with any updates i receive from
the theme developers how long will this take It depends on the theme
authors to be honest with you. so days, weeks, months ... is there
another solution??? hello??? We will need to wait till the theme
developers fix it. I cant tell you for sure how long it would take.
Usually they look at it within a few days.. The theme you are using is
developed by Pixel union so it would depend on their resources. We will
however keep the follow up right. seriously! I have already been help up
for 3 months by you guys telling me my site was indexed when it was not.
I'm trying to start a business you are just wasting more of my time I
will need to take this further over email Thank you i will now end the
chat and follow up over email. I'm trying to fix multiple h1 tags on a
pages. Is this a theme issue or standard on Wordpress.com? Example:
https://gyneco-blogic.com/2017/03/04/your-pee-test-is-positive-now-what/
What do you mean by \fix\ them. Are you just trying to add the headings
to the page? Oh, you mean you don't want to have multiple h1 tags on the
page? No, so there are multiple h1 tags showing on pages. For SEO, there
should only be one. So I was wondering if this is a issue with the
theme, or perhaps how it's setup as a wordpress.com site? It's partly
the theme. In HTML5 it's actually okay to use multiple h1 tags because
the structure of the HTML is more semantic (using the header, footer,
article, and aside tags, not just the div tag). Before we had the
different section tags it was important to only have one h1 because divs
were meaningless, but you can now have an h1 in the header, and one in
the article, and one in the aside and it makes sense within that
context. Okay. Related to that then, every page is coming up with the
first h1 tag as the name of the blog \The Gyneco-blogic\, is that the
theme or can I edit this somehow? That is the theme. It can't be edited.
But the title meta tag of the page should prioritise the post title. Is
this universal across all themes are are there premium themes that allow
this to be customized? *or are None of our themes allow the HTML tags to
be changed, but there might be some themes that have a structure you
prefer. You can check the demo sites for the themes to see. No worries I
tested my blog with nibbler and i have a lot of problems according to
them, does this mean my site does not work correctly?\n\nbelow some
examples, I have no idea how to resolve them! or if i should resolve
them.\nA total of 11 errors and 67 warnings were found on the 5 pages
tested.\n\ndarrenhobsonpoet.blog/\nERROR\n283\n161\nElement link is
missing required attribute
property.\n\ndarrenhobsonpoet.blog/poetry-from-darren-hobson/\nERROR\n212\n159\nThe
frameborder attribute on the iframe element is obsolete. Use CSS
instead.\n\ndarrenhobsonpoet.blog/poetry-from-darren-hobson/\nERROR\n385\n161\nElement
link is missing required attribute property. I don't think these errors
are anything to worry about. Nibbler checks things for SEO purposes. It
looks like the are giving more generalized recommendations. I do not
think there is any reason to be concerned THANKS I am not able to add
plugin in my dashboard. I have upgraded my wordpress account to
Personal. Please help how to add new plugin. Hi there. Which plugin do
you want to use? i am trying to use the all in one seo i have downloaded
it but can't install in my plugin I see. That plugin was developed for
sites hosted elsewhere, using a version of WordPress we don't offer - it
comes without anything built in, which is why you have to install a
plugin like that. On your WordPress.com site here, we handle most of
your SEO needs (creating an XML sitemap, creating readable format text,
responsive design, etc) And we have tips here for the extra things you
can do to optimize for search engines:
http://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ also in my
plugin jetpack is being shown active can you please guide how to use it
Jetpack is automatically running on your site here. The Jetpack plugin
was built to migrate built-in features from WordPress.com to
WordPress.org sites. Those features are automatically active on
WordPress.com sites, like the one you have. how can i include keywords
for my post/blogs? You can write them into your post text. You can also
add them as tags to your posts. i want to optimize my blog wrt seo I
understand. Did you read the content here?
http://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ We also
have info here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ ok. i am
just going through the content, didn't complete the whole content. Sure,
take your time. If I find any doubt I will get back Certainly - I'm here
to help. Let me know whenever you have a question. Thank you so much.
Does seo work only with buisness plan ?? Do i have it with my personal
plan? Hi there! No, WordPress.com has great SEO out of the box. All of
our themes are optimized for search engines, so you don't have to do
anything extra. You can see more information in this
link:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ But Business plan includes
a couple more of options to customize this a little bit better You can
check more about SEO here too:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ and
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ Hello, we
are a blog created since 2014. \nWe had about 150 views per day, but
since march 7th we lost almost all of our views.\nReason is because we
are no longer in google search, whereas we were in top position for some
subjects. \n\nWhat happend ?\n\nWe buy a domain name a week ago, is it
an impact or a bug from your plateform ? Hi! Let me take a closer look
at your site and stats and see what I can find out. Can you hold on a
minute while I do that? I checked the stats at
https://wordpress.com/stats/month/kerkorean.com and I see that there are
1067 views for March so far and March is 25% complete. Let's say you
were to get the same number of visits for the next 3 weeks, that would
mean a possibility of 4268 views for March. Yes but for the day of march
7th we had only 34 vues, and on the 6th we had 147, why this difference
To compare, there were 4976 views in February 2017. So a projected 4268
is a little bit lower. And why we are not in the refenrencing from
google ? Not every day or month is guaranteed to have the same amount of
traffic, but I can help you take a look at a few things—definitely the
google listings! Let's look at that next. Right now, I am just looking
around at the stats and trying to get a good idea of what's going on. I
will walk through what I find as I go. You may find some of the stats
repetitive, but it will help make sure we are on the same page. :) If we
look at our results sonce 6 months, we are stable or increase each week.
So there is a bug somewhere Looking at Referrers at
https://wordpress.com/stats/day/kerkorean.com?startDate=2017-03-07 I see
that Google referred 14 visits to kerkorean.com on Mar 7 (so far) and
https://wordpress.com/stats/day/kerkorean.com?startDate=2017-03-06 shows
97 referrals. Going back a few more days, I do see that almost all of
your traffic comes from referrals from Google. Yes, and why we are not
in google now ? How can we change it ? I am not an SEO expert, but I can
make some recommendations! The first thing I would recommend setting up,
if you haven't already is to connect your site to Google. Let me get the
right help link for that. One sec. I just checked and you already set it
up. :) https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/kerkorean.com I already did it
this afternoon Are you able to log in to your Google account to see what
it says there? A Google Webmaster account should provide you with
information about your site's Google listings. I can't do it right now,
but i will try tomorrow And I did just double check Google with a site
search, and I do see that there are no listings.
https://www.google.com/search?q=site%3Akerkorean.com If we just write
\Kerkorean\ it works A site search is more specific. Aha. I see the site
listed in Google under the old domain still:
https://www.google.com/search?q=site%3Akerkorean.wordpress.com So this
is when we buy the domain name It changes eveything ? It shouldn't. It
does take Google time to pick up changes though. How often the site is
crawled and checked is up to Google. The Webmaster Tools account should
have information about that in it for you. From my side, I cannot tell
what Google will do. :) Okay, i will see with google It appears to me
that the domain change hasn't been picked up yet, and it may just take a
little time and the traffic is just a bit lower but will hopefully pick
right back up. Many, many things can cause fluctuations in traffic.
Changing a domain as you have done should not affect search engine
listings negatively in the long term. I understand but it's realy bad
for us for the moment, we where on the top 3 for francophone reseache
for our articles I hope everything come back normally quickly Me too!!!!
I think searching for articles should still pull up the right results.
Have you tested that? It is definitely worth checking in with Google
too! I know their Webmaster Tools page has diagnostic information such
as the last time the site was crawled. Oh yes, and even in the 35 page,
we are not in Okay i will it later Is that for recently published
articles? I will check it I just checked the posts and I have a question
and a suggestion. I think it affect both our recent article and our
popular articles Aks Okay. I believe the best next step is to continue
to publish with good content. In your posts list, I see that the last
post published was on Mar 5. Yes, the more I look, the more I think
Google just needs to re-crawl. I think Google just takes it's own time
to do that. I also noticed that you are using too many tags for your
posts. If you use too many tags, it is a red flag for spam at
WordPress.com. 5 to 15 tags and categories combined is recommended. The
next new article is tomorrow. Every wednesday and sunday... Oh using too
many tag is considerate as spam ? See
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/#topic-listings for more
details. So i will inform my writer team ! Not with Google (that I know
of), but yes for WordPress.com. It would be good to diversify too. See
if you can get listed in other places so that all of your referrers are
not tied exclusively to Google. We where on ecosia too i think this is
this name of refferrers This may help the writer team too if you want to
have a look: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Also this:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ Okay,
thank you I hope the listing updates soon for you! Yes ! BTW, have you
understand taht i'm not a english native speaker ? Yes, but I only
guessed because your site is not written in English. :) Wait, we had
prepared some articles inenglish but didn't post it again ! Anyway, Your
English is very good. Thk I go, thak again for your help It was a
pleasure talking with you. Have a good evening! Hi,\nWhere can I enter
the meta key words for my website with premium account? I would like to
improve my SEO without having to upgrade to the business account. Hi!
It's not possible to add meta keywords or tags under any plan here at
WordPress.com. This is because Google does not take these into account
when ranking sites. You can find their official statement to confirm
that here: The Business plan does enable you to tweak meta titles and
descriptions, which Google does use. If you don't have the Business plan
then WordPress.com will automatically generate those on your behalf.
hello sir. i have an important matter to discuss. its a long message or
else it might be difficult to explain my problem :\n\nI was told on
chat, last sunday, that I can customize how the “page titles” are
presented on :
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#custom-title-formats\n\nI
tried doing that but still saw my page titles in an incorrect fashion as
per this list below on google (having pjseospecialists.com in the title
of every page) :\n\n1. Mobile Phone Website Developers -
pjseospecialists.com\nhttps://pjseospecialists.com/mobile-phone-website-developers/\n\n2.
Search Engine Optimisation Expert -
pjseospecialists.com\nhttps://pjseospecialists.com/search-engine-optimisation-expert/\n\n3.
Contact Us -
pjseospecialists.com\nhttps://pjseospecialists.com/contact-us/\n\n4. Web
Page Designers -
pjseospecialists.com\nhttps://pjseospecialists.com/web-page-designers/\n\n\nHowever
my actual “page titles” are as follows (which ive entered by visiting
visiting “Themes” then “Customize” then “Menus” then “Main Menu”)
:\n\n\n1.\t“Website Promoters in Noida NCR Delhi – Contact
Us”\n\n2.\t“Mobile Phone Website Developers, First Class SEM for
Google”\n\n3.\t“Web Page Designers, Creating Websites for Top Grade
Position”\n\n4.\t“Search Engine Optimisation Expert, Web Page SEOM for
Google”\n\nThe only page title that is showing correctly on google is
the “front page” – which is the same as entered by me in wordpress by
visiting “Themes” then “Customize” then “Menus” then “Main Menu” :\n\nPJ
SEO Specialists: Search Engine Optimization
Company\nhttps://pjseospecialists.com/\n\n\nim getting a different page
title (compared to the ones entered by me) on google for the rest of the
pages : mentioning the tag + pjseospecialists.com after the tag
(something I don’t want because it’s like wasting the possible benefit
of my of page titles). On top of that it would be a negative aspect for
any website’s effectiveness.\n\n\nI request you to please check my
property site i.e. www.propertysouthdelhi.com below and the page titles
are displayed correctly for all the pages on google i.e. as entered by
me in the settings panel for the www.point2homes.com portal. these page
titles below don’t alter my actual page titles by adding
“propertysouthdelhi.com” inside them :\n\n\n1.\tNoida Developers
Properties for Sale,Gurgaon Luxury
Condos\nwww.propertysouthdelhi.com/Contact_Us/page_1878106.html\n\n2.\tNoida
Delhi Gurgaon Real Estate Blog - News of the Latest Events
...\nblog.propertysouthdelhi.com/\n\n3.\tGurgaon Luxury Penthouses for
Sale, South Delhi
Homes\nwww.propertysouthdelhi.com/Gurgaon_Luxury_Penthouses.../page_1897232.html\n\n4.\tGurgaon
Commercial Investment Realty, Delhi Retail
Shops\nwww.propertysouthdelhi.com/Gurgaon_Commercial...Realty/page_2395443.html\n\n5.\tLeasing
Gurgaon Office Space, New Delhi Offices on
Lease\nwww.propertysouthdelhi.com/Leasing_Gurgaon_Office.../page_2636780.html\n\n6.\tGurgaon
Retail Investment Showrooms,Delhi Commercial
Property\nwww.propertysouthdelhi.com/Gurgaon_Retail_Investment.../page_1905064.html\n\nand
so on for the rest of the pages.\n\n\nBut if the page titles were like
this below, then it would be a significant shortcoming : \n\nGurgaon
Retail Investment Showrooms – propertysouthdelhi.com (page title) \n\nor
\nLeasing Gurgaon Office Space – propertysouthdelhi.com (page
title)\n\nOr\n\nGurgaon Commercial Investment Realty –
propertysouthdelhi.com (page title)\n\n\nPlease help me in this regard
by changing the settings, to remove “pjseospecialists.com” from my page
titles (which is visible currently).\n\nBasically it dosent make any
difference to me whether the “page title” is called the “tag line” or
“page title” in wordpress. Only the end result matters to me. So sir, I
request to please help me in sending the right message to google in
regards to my page titles.\n Let me take a few minutes here to catch up
with your message. Since you have edited those settings this week, it is
necessary to wait a few days while Google re-reads your website and
update the content on their end I want know if is possible add
\news_keywords\ in wordpress.com is possible add tag news_keywords for
google news? hmmm, where would you add it? in some of my article that
regards local notice for indexing in google news I see, we don't have
that option at WordPress.com Have you got a link to it on Google? I will
be happy to take a look :) yes is this:
https://support.google.com/news/publisher/answer/68297?hl=it_topic=4359867
Thanks for that, yes, we don't have the option of adding the meta
keywords at WordPress.com ok thank you so much You are welcome, if you
would like to have those options, you would need to move your site to a
self-hosted site using WordPress.org software perfect,have a nice day!\n
If you have more questions do not hesitate to start a new chat. Have a
nice day you too! can i use yoast without upgrading to business or
premium plan?\n Many of the features provided by plugins are already
pre-installed on WordPress.com, so plugins cannot be installed, like
Yoast for example. But WordPress.com has great SEO out of the box. All
of our themes are optimized for search engines, so you don't have to do
anything extra. You can see more info
here:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ thank you1 Hi, I somehow
came across it a few days ago and now cant find....How do I do the SEO's
to be able to get the blog out to the public more? Thanks. If you click
on My Site -> Settings And then on section SEO Is that what you were
looking for? LOL, yes. I guess I need to upgrade. :) :) Let me give you
some articles that can help you gain visibility and apply also to your
plan Hi Word press, I have this html link that I want to add to my post
: \nvar uri =
'https://imp.tradedoubler.com/imp?type(img)g(23770894)a(2928078)' + new
String (Math.random()).substring (2, 11);\ndocument.write('(image)');\n
But it does not show the image. What could the problem
be?\n\nRegards\nMapitso Hi Mapitso that's not possible on WP.com we
don't allow code that uses javascript or iFrames Alright, thanks so that
is what this current one uses? So which ones do we use on wordpress? We
only allow HTML-only code if you see javascript, script, or iframe in
the code it can't be used here Oh I see, it makes sense now. Thank you.
One last question :), how can improve my SEO ? I* we handle the bulk of
that automatically but we do also offer a bit advice here
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
and here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/
Alright, thanks I will check it out :) And can I set up an online store
with my current wordpress theme or another free wordpress theme?
Currently, that's not something we offer but you can create individual
PayPal buttons: https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/ Hi, I was just
wondering whether my blog was appearing okay on the wordpress site too?
I try to search for my uber experiences and nothing seems to come up?
hej! Are you searching for your site in Google? You have two sites,
https://myuberexperiences.com/ and
https://myuberexperiences.wordpress.com/ nope on the wordpress site
Which one are you searching for? I suppose the first? the first one -
myuberexperiences the wordpress one doesn't seem to contain anything
Hello, I had a couple of blog name wobbles and changed it once then
change it back to the original. The header on the blog etc is still
correct (Pooksandgooks) but when I do a Google search it still comes up
with the title I was going to change to (lifeaftertoddlers). What can I
do so that lifeaftertoddlers is eradicated and Pooks and good it the
main name on the blog and any search engines please? Many thanks Yep,
https://myuberexperiences.wordpress.com/ is nearly empty site.
myuberexperiences seems to be fairly popular phrase. I see lot of
results when I search for it. So if you want your blog to show up, you
got to have really highly ranked content that impresses google :) is it
better having a more distinct name How long ago did you change the name
of the blog? Surely! Bu that's only one of the many things you can do.
It was a few months ago. I haven't done anything on it since then due to
being in hospital :-( Here are few ideas on improving your site's SEO:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Im sorry to hear that :-( This issue is on Google's end. They just need
to come and see your new site, and they need to be told that the old
site is no more. https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/submit-url This
let Google's robots see your new site.
https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/1663419?hl=en This will let
them know to get rid of the old one. The thing is, when I click on the
life after toddlers link on google, I still get through to Pooks and
gooks site. Do you still think this will work? Following your advice I
mean? I don't want Pooksandgooks to disappear Right. Since you changed
the site's title, lifeaftertoddlers is acting as a redirect. To be
honest, this issue will just go away on it's own soon enough. Google's
good at figuring these things out given some time :-) you know how it
says I have two sites - the wordpress and the myuberexperiences.com Ok,
great, thanks for your help. I will try your tips now! My pleasure! If
you need anything else, feel free to open another chat! Also note that
we automatically sends notifications to Google with every post and page
update. But Google and other search engines can take 4-6 weeks or more
to add any new sites.\n should I delete the wordpress one that is empty?
Yeah, you have two WordPress.com sites in your account: 1.
untoldstoriesofuber.wordpress.com 2. myuberexperiences.wordpress.com #1
is on Premium plan and is linked to myuberexperiences.com domain. #2 is
on free plan and is empty. oh ok so thats okay? You can delete #2 if you
think you will never use myuberexperiences part of the
myuberexperiences.wordpress.com address. Yeah, you can delete the sites,
but once deleted, the site and its address is gone forever. Nobody can
ever use or recycle the site address. Alternatively, you can make the
site private. Just in case you change your mind in the futuer. I want my
blog to be on the myuberexperience.wordpress and myuberexperiences.com
that's your domain name. I don't want untolduberstories appearing in the
hits It won't as long as you use your domain name myuberexperiences.com.
untolduberstories.wordpress.com is the underlying WordPress.com site
that houses your content. it is possible to move my blog from untold
stories.wordpress.com People won't ever see it as long as you use
myuberexperiences.com with this WordPress.com site, which you are. to
myuberexperience.wordpress.com to house it then redirect to our domain
myuberexperiences.com Your content is housed in
untolduberstories.wordpress.com site. or is there no point? We can move
the domain, but there is no point in moving the domain to empty site
(myuberexperiences.wordpress.com). If you wish, you can move your
content as well from untoldstoriesofuber.wordpress.com to
myuberexperiences.wordpress.com. It really depends on which
WordPress.com site address do you wish to keep. We can move the domain
myuberexperiences.com between the sites. yes that is what I would like
please What would you like to do? Move everything from
untoldstoriesofuber.wordpress.com to myuberexperiences.wordpress.com?
move all my content from untold stories.wordpress to
myuberexperiences.wordpress and redirect from
myuberexperiences.wordpress to my domain myuberexperiences.com Sure,
here are the things you need to do: 1. Export content from
untoldstoriesofuber.wordpress.com and import it to
myuberexperiences.wordpress.com. 2. Setup theme, widgets and menus on
myuberexperiences.wordpress.com. 3. Open up chat and ask us to move the
domain and the Premium plan from untoldstoriesofuber.wordpress.com to
myuberexperiences.wordpress.com site. Let us know once you complete the
steps 1 and 2 and you are happy with how myuberexperiences.wordpress.com
looks. then we can move the domain and plan to this site. how do I
export content? Here is how to export:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/export/ And import:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/import/ You will have to export from
untoldstoriesofuber.wordpress.com and import it to
myuberexperiences.wordpress.com Do you mind holding on for another
minute? Just about done the import Thanks! :D Let's see how it goes :)
But it is a bit of work. So take your time. No hurries! Greetings,\nI
created a simple website for my mobile game. And I checked google for my
website. Found the listing but there's a note under the website name
saying it can't display website info because robot.tx doesn't allow it.
I tried looking around setting to see how to fix this problem but either
I can't or I am overlooking the issue. \n\nThanks for your time on this
issue Could you provide an image or link to the Google search so I can
see the issue as well? Hi by the way! Sure. Just a sec... Well I am
embrassed to say this but it seems to have been fixed...maybe I was
being inpatient...Sorry to bother you No, not at all! Don't worry! :)
We're here for you! Thank you. Have a good day! You as well! :) hi, the
newsletter which is sent when I post a new blogpost, has the title name
\wordpress\. can I change this? Sure, you'll need to set a site title
and description for your site right now is totally empty and that's why
we set the default name \WordPress\ please go here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/general/vi-tis.ch and you'll see 2
fields: \Site Title\ and \Site Tagline\ you write there your site's
title and short description you can* ah ok. i didn't realize that this
is regarding the mail that info is taken for the emails and for social
networks if you want to share your Page on Facebook or Twitter, it will
display \Site Title\ now ah ok. so, it's important to set a title and
description one other question. Do I have a mail account from where I
can send mails. ? you have two options for using email on WordPress.com
1) Email forwarding. You can set a forward from a non existing address
(for example: hello@vi-tis.ch) to an existing email address. You can
only use this for receiving emails, not sending them the receiving part
is no Problem 2) Map an Email. You can host an email from another
provider on WordPress.com (gmail, hotmail, etc) here's all the
documentation regarding Email:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/add-email/ you'll find there steps for
your needs that's all i need. have a good day you're most welcome! What
can I help you with? how come this shows up as the url when u open a
page on my site - testing ?
https://goldenbayiridology.com/golden-bay-iridology-2/testing/ search
engines aren't bringing it up You mean the site or that link isn't shown
by search engines? the site but that page address says testing - why is
that? That's the page URL you've set - you can change 'testing' to any
other thing you want too Open the page in the editor from
wordpress.com/pages Click the page title Then in the editor, there'll be
a section to edit the link structure ok i see it is testing added as a
link Great. As for search engines - it's totally up to them when they
decide to show your site, and at what page. It's a public site at the
moment, and accessible by search engines i dont want to mess any thing
up Yes, the link part you can change what does that actually do? What
really helps with search engines is if you regularly publish posts -
search engines love fresh content It's just a name for the link when u
say post do u mean updates or blogs? sorry am i being too complex? No,
you aren't at all By that I mean blog posts :) From wordpress.com/posts
ok - awesome thanks :-) can u tell me what the link does and i f i take
testing out - what should i add in It just adds something for your
visitors to see/read. You can add any phrase that defines the content on
that page :) We have some more tips on how to rank better in search
engines here -
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ You might
want to give it a read some time. :) ok awesome thanks alot i really
appreciate it :-) You're so welcome - happy to help! Have an amazing
rest of your day! yes - thanks its nearly over lol u too :-) Oh,
Australia? ive done what u said it looks great - no new zealand where r
u No wonder you folks get to enjoy the new year's eve well before us.
I'm in Asia right now oohh yes - were the first to see it all lol
goodnight Yeah. :) Good night! How can I improve the indexing of the
site \parcodellavigna.com\? If you'd like to improve your site's search
engine rankings, the best thing you can do is post regularly to your
site with fresh, relevant content, including keywords. That way, when
search engines trawl your site for information, they'll see your site
isn't stagnant, and you'll find that you rise through the rankings
naturally We have a great article on that right here :)
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ I do it
from several years I'm journalist and i write about tourist informations
Sure :) my best advice is to keep on the way you're going - there are
more articles on that here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ - have
you also tried the SEO tab under My Sites > Settings? That allows you to
add your site to search engine indexes It is necessary to buy
\bussiness\ plan, i suppose That allows you more SEO options, yes. But
generally, the content you post on your site itself matters more :) Yes
i know... Right :) it does take time! It may also be worth using an SEO
analysis tool to look over the content of your site, if you're
concerned. There are several on the internet, I'll see if I can find a
link Like this, for example: https://seositecheckup.com/
https://seositecheckup.com/ doesen't work It should :) I've run the
check for you:
https://seositecheckup.com/seo-audit/parcodellavigna.wordpress.com No
problem at all, you're welcome. It actually looks like you're doing
relatively well :) But it's worth noting everything mentioned there! No
problem! If you have any other questions at all, just head back here and
let us know :) Ok bye i wait for you in my B in Puglia :-) Haha, I wish!
Italy sounds great right now :) Ciao! Ciao :) Why is my site not showing
up in google search? I should have good seo. Im in a competition with
others for website development for good seo and theirs is already
showing up on page one of google. Good question - there is a lot of
built-in SEO, but sometimes Google takes a while to realize your site
exists. I'm checking on a few things now. i understand, but cant
understand how 3-4 others have gotten theirs on their but mine isnt for
the same keywords Hmm. I see you've verified with Google. You could ask
that Google recrawl your URLs with this tool also: i've registered my
site with google and validated the site. Ive had them recrawl y site I'm
sorting through to see if I can find any other suggestions. im very
confused. what have my competitors done that i have not? My does not
show up at all when I search for \Carrot customer success hero
candidate\ but it does for the search \Carrot Customer Success Hero
Candidate - DJ Noah\ I need to be on top of the rankings for the first
search without my name included. Well, I do see DJ Noah is in your site
title, which will cause that to appear in searches. You can remove that
from My Site > Themes Customize > Site Identity I'm not sure what the
other sites are doing or if they're hosted here. they are all suppose to
be hosted with wordpress.com. Do you have a link to one of the other
sites? https://jordanmorrow.com/ I'm also not able to determine how
Google sees or ranks your site, but I can certainly scan through things
and provide suggestions :) that would help. I understand you dont have
any control over google, but something must be missing in my site. I
noticed their names are included in their site titles or this one...
https://davidhallprice.com https://levichappell.com/ I'm not sure. They
are all using different themes, and I see they have a static front page,
instead of a blog feed on the front page. That's the only real
correlations I can see. Would you like to try to adjust the front page
on your site? Ah, I see you're doing that too. isnt my front page a
static one? Yes it is - I was mistaken at first. i have a blog post page
Have you incorporated keywords into the alt tags and descriptions on the
images on your site? i think so...can you direct me to where I can check
Sure. That's easiest to check from the classic dashboard here:
https://djnoahdotme.wordpress.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=5=edit You can
click on the image, and click the pencil icon to see its settings. Make
sure your keywords are in the alt text of the image descriptions.
anything else? It looks like Ive done that We have lots of other tips
here: \n\nhttp://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/
Also, with the images, I had noticed the image of the t shirt didn't
seem to have a very strong description, but I was quickly glancing
through so that may have been the only one. under teh caption or alt
tag? I think both - also, are you embedding these images from other
sites or are you uploading them to your site here first? I downloaded
them to my computer then uploaded them to the wordpress site directly is
it better to embed them? Interesting. Let's work on the images a bit
more. For example, this one has no alt text and a title that doesn't
tell me much:
https://djnoahdotme.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php?item=51 where did
you access that one, because the one on the page has my updated
description. Did I change it in the wrong place? Oh I see - it may be
updated now correctly on your page. I saw you were editing so I pulled
it up from the media library. The page itself is the best place to
update that. perhaps go through the images on all your pages and blog
posts to make sure the alt text works well. for example, changing this:
\ron-lunan_the-7-traits-of-exceptional-csms2\ to \the 7 traits of
exceptional customer service\ ok...i can do that Lovely. I am not a SEO
expert, so these are really just tips. You may want to research and see
if tehre there's anything else you can incorporate on the site* ok i
just cant understand how theirs was showing up and mine wasnt showing up
at all thanks for your time. i will keep searching I'm not 100% sure
either, and I hope the image adjustments help quite a bit. You could use
a tool like this to see if you get any red flags that you're able to
adjust within the platform here: http://neilpatel.com/seo-analyzer/
thank you. i have researched several of the seo analyzers including this
one. Ok, great thank you. I don't know where my previous query feed has
gone but to elaborate, my blog post is called \Turn off autopilot\ which
has been shared but cannot be found on google. my actual site is not
discoverable even though I recently purchased the premium package. I am
not keen on buying the business package - what else can I? do to drive
traffic to my page as I would love feedback from people...? oh there it
is, sorry You don't need any upgrades to be found in Google, but if your
site is new or you recently changed privacy settings, it might take a
while before it will appear. I started this blog in October and i
haven't changed privacy settings :( thank you so much I see your posts
have a gap between November last year and February this year where you
didn't create any new posts. This can also have an effect. Each time you
publish a new post, we ping Google and tell them there's new content
they need to come index. If you don't create any content for a period of
time, we don't send Google any pings and they lose interest in your
site, if I can put it that way. And as you only had four posts before
this gap, it means Google never finished indexing your site the first
time around. So that process is happening now. ok - so basically i need
to remain consistent to be relevant? As long as you keep publishing new
posts regularly, this process should complete in a few weeks, and your
site should start appearing in search results. Exactly. Then having
other people link to your blog, like on social media, also helps. We
have some more tips on increasing your traffic here: and thank you for
your prompt assistance i really appreciate it! I can find my blog on the
internet Search engines usually requires around 2-4 weeks to fully crawl
and index new sites I want to cancel everything Sure, bear in mind that
you can lose the domain completely. Is that ok for you? I want to change
the name and also I can't seem to make it go live You want to cancel
your plan and domain, or change the domain name? Also, it could take
around 2-4 weeks to be indexed by search engines, though your site will
be live in a couple of minutes Change the name primarily, but I also
can't find my blog on google search so maybe better to cancel and figure
it all out if I type my address foyfamilygotravelling.com into search
there is nothing. Is that normal? Yes, that's normal. For 2 to 4 weeks?
Search engines don't crawl nee sites right away, they need 2-4 weeks
until your site appears on search result Yes, that's their time frame
how about a name change? That is, it could take 5 days as well, but
that's up to them. It will be the same time, as it is a new name to be
crawled but how easy is it to change the name. I set this up yesterday
domain names can't be changed, you have 48 hours from the registration
date to cancel a domain and receive either credits or a refund to
register a new name Ok. If I wanted to do that, what's the procedure
please? I can cancel the domain for you and restore the credits you
could later add a new domain Ok thanks. I'll have a think and decide
later. Thanks for your help! Sure thing :) feel free to open a new chat
window if you need more help! hello i need help verifying my site for
pinterest. i followed the steps but its not working\n Howdy! \nThis is
Kat!\nI'd be happy to help with your question! So you are verifying the
site with pinterest? Do you have the link for the steps that you
followed? it told me to copy and paste this into my pinterest section on
my dashboard and then click sav All right! Where were you pasting this
on your WordPress.com site? Did you find where to paste it?
https://help.pinterest.com/en/articles/confirm-your-website I pasted it
on the admin page under tools, available tools and then pinterest All
right! I will guide you through where it should be added. Sounds good?
sorry I closed the chat\n Okay, so can you please click on My Sites And
then choose the option Settings From the choices that will appear It is
right under Domains Let me know when you are there, I will tell you how
to proceed :) okay got it Awesome! Now you can choose SEO from the
choices on the top got it You can scroll down and look for SEO
Verification Services There you should be able to add your meta name for
Pinterest the link is already in there but for some reason on pinterest
its not showing that i aded it Did you add it long time ago? nope like 5
mins ago Yes, this might be the reason why it does not show right away!
ohhhh okay so it takes some time? Right! It usually takes a bit of time
okay thanks for your help If there is no change within 24 hours, please
get back to us! Hello, every time I \google\ the name of my site in the
description below it reads this \A description for this result is not
available because of this site's robots.txt.\ Is there a way I can
remedy that? Thanks Hello. Okay. your website is already configured to
be read by Google but, if you want to have more control over how Google
reads your website, it is necessary to add it to Google Search Console
by following this guide
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-integration/#sitedomain-validation
Okay. Got it! Thank You! Change the meta description for my site. How
can I change the meta description of my homepage? In Google, it just
starts with my tagline \Videographer specialized on art\ but then just
says menu, the tilte of the last blog post etc. Sure! Give me a moment
to look at a couple of things for you. As it turns out, users don't have
a whole ton of control of what google grabs for those site descriptions.
It's just grabbing some metadata that isn't allowed to be edited. If
it's really important to you, you may want to consider self-hosting with
a WordPress.org install. You can install third- party themes and plugins
with WordPress.org, but you're a lot more responsible for the technical
upkeep of the site. You are also able to edit the site's metadata. There
are some other differences between .com and .org that you can read about
here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ I got my account in
august 2016 and it is still not showing up on internet searches. My
privacy setting is public and I don't know what else to do? Hey there!
Let me take a look at these settings. One moment. Did you recently
change the domain to slaterunsportsmen.com? yes but up until today the
site was still not showing up on internet searches. The domain was
changed today Let me see what's occurring for you. I believe the change
to your account recently is effecting it. I'll check. Up until the
change, the site was still not showing up on search engines. If the
address was typed in, the site would come up then but that was the only
way. Ah I see. It's harder to get traction when holding the free account
since it's such a long name. However, with your current settings, posts,
etc. and being on the Premium Plan with a domain, you'll begin to see
your site pop-up on Google. To read more on this, you can see our
documentation on how SEO works with sites
here:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ OK thank you If
you have any other questions, feel free to ask! Hi, \nWhy does it ask
for SEO description if it's not showing up in any results? I've looking
up several of my stories, who have SEO and META descriptions and they
are literally not showing up no matter what I search. Maybe this is why
I consistently see the same pages being viewed and the nearly 6,500
stories other stories not getting viewed. This is FRUSTRATING Let me
take a quick look at your settings and we'll see what we can find. Yes,
you will be able to now. That... huh. I think that may have been from a
previous chat. Sorry about that! look at this
https://www.google.com/search?q=CZW+Proving+Ground+results+3%2F12%2F17=utf-8=utf-8#q=CZW+Proving+Ground+results+3/12/17=0&*
where is this?
https://thecapitalsportsreport.com/2017/03/12/czw-proving-ground-results-31217/
https://wordpress.com/post/thecapitalsportsreport.com/92195 For that
particular example, while you are searching for the title you have
created, it appears other sites use similar titles for their posts. Ways
to improve rankings for posts like that would be to utilize the Tags
section and include common search terms (such as CZW). so how do you
search for it? Sports are a tough market for SEO, as you have several
large sites you are working against from a search perspective. Utilizing
the search tags (NFL as a tag, NBA, etc) will help associate your posts.
Using the most recent post as the example, you have no tags for the
post, and the categories are Combat Sports and The Wrestling Ring You
only use the term CZW (the primary term in your example search) in the
title, and twice in the post itself. Adding that as a TAG as well will
add an additional meta point for search engines to crawl. is that bad?
It isn't good or bad, but not including the common terms that you expect
users to search (at least as tags) will mean that your content is not
ranked as highly in search results. You have several posts about
different free-agent trade deals for the NFL, as another example. Use
the tag 'trade deals' or some other common term for those posts. I would
also consider updating categories to the shortened, more common terms
for leagues (NFL, NBA, etc). how do they use Cooking, Reality TV and TV
in their tags, but they don't mention it
http://heavy.com/entertainment/2017/03/spring-baking-championship-season-3-time-channel-what-when-is-on-tv-tonight-premiere-2017/
In that example, they are using tags to connect additional content
together. Again, in the first example, you might tag the post with CZW,
but not use it in the post itself (say if it was about a specific
fighter, not the league). It shows relation, but not necessarily direct.
Does that help a bit on how you might better utilize tags and categories
to bring users to your site? You can edit existing tags and categories
if you would like through the Writing section at:
https://wordpress.com/settings/writing/ so let me understand this the
\Tags\ cannot be in the post They can be. You can use Categories and/or
Tags in your post as well. It is just a way to add additional
information for search engines/users. Let's use a completely unrelated
field as an example. i need to better understand SEO We'll take Fashion.
If you are writing about fashion, you might have categories like
jackets, pants, shirts, hats, shoes, etc. Let's say you are then writing
a two posts. The first post is a red denim jacket with the Indians logo
on it. You would use the Jackets category, but you might add in tags
like 'Cleveland', 'Red', 'Denim', 'Sports', etc. Then if someone
searched Cleveland Sports Jacket, you would have that covered. Then the
second post is about a hat from the Rock 'n Roll hall of fame. It is
also red, so the category would be 'Hats', but the tags would be things
like 'Red', 'Cleveland', 'Music'. so if an individual searched czw
wrestling, last night's story would come up? It would have a better
chance if you had CZW as a tag, yes. You still have other factors (site
weight, age of post, etc), but categories and tags are big indicators
still for search engines.. I think we have an SEO course available if
you are interested. Let me see if I can locate the details on that
really quickly. This course includes some great SEO information, as well
as other pieces that you may find helpful:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/blogging-university/branding-growth/
what's site weight? is the course free? Google and other search engines
provide a 'weight' for a site. This is based on content, but also
overall ranking of pages, click-through rates, etc. They don't publish
all of the factors, but the more consistently you begin to come up, the
more consistently all of the pages will (as your root domain is
'weighted' higher than other sites at that point). Yup! The 10 day
course is free of charge. so the more content, the more \higher weight\
you get? once you sign up for the course, what happens? Not just
content, but the more often your content is selected in the search
results. The course is free and is done via email. You will receive
instructions from there for 10 days as the course progresses. so if
there are no tags or seo for posts, like there are, it hurts my site? I
have been doing this for 10-years -- and this was way before SEO came
about Correct, but you don't necessarily have to go back to the
beginning. You will want to use tags/categories that are what users are
actively searching for, even if it isn't the proper name of something.
You can edit your existing categories to better fit that in the Writing
Settings, and for new posts, think about the common search terms
associated with an individual post. Those will likely make good tags for
your post. what do you change in the writing settings for better SEO?
what are the common search terms? also, what's press this? It says a
booklet, but I would like better understanding Press This is a way to
share links from other sites as posts. You can add a short description
of the link, and then link to the title. is it good or bad? especially
for news organizations like mine If you are linking to an outside story
from another service, that is your call. Typically it is used by
businesses more than news outlets. ok. I've never used it Search Terms
are based on the content you are creating. Knowing your audience is
important (how will they try to find the content you are posting). Is
there a course on this? Not a specific one at WordPress.com, but I would
start with the course I suggested. You might then look at some third
party information on web content writing. is there any you have in mind?
I'm not an SEO expert. I would recommend starting with the WordPress.com
course for a general view, then you might look at some of the Google
Webmaster training tutorials, which has a lot of SEO information in it.
Are they also free? I believe that they are, yes. You can start that
research at https://www.google.com/webmasters/#?modal_active=none
Hi\nI'm just wondering why when I search for \my uber experiences\ none
of my blogs seem to come up? hey! I see, so we do send all the site of
your content to Google, but Google will still need some time to update
its search indexes it can take 3-4 weeks does this include tags? and
then depending on how much \competition\ there's for the keywords, it
can take more time for it to surface yes it includes tags here are some
tips to grow your traffic though: -
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
about tags here are more details to help your content get discovered in
the WordPress.com Reader too:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/topics/#get-your-content-to-appear-in-tags
Just wondering why when I search for courageous adventure, can't seem to
find my blog despite being an exact matching? \courageous adventure\ is
a combination of word which has been used by others before, so you'll
have some competition there to get your blog to surface before them but
for now, your blog won't show until Google has updated its search
indexes oh ok no worries thanks for your help! Cheers! you too! :)
Pagespeed insights aren't working, and I slipped back 2 marks in the
past 48 hours\n
https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/?hl=en_source=wmx_campaign=wmx_otherlinks=http%3A%2F%2F777portraits.com%2F
Hello! Give me one moment. Let me dig into that. PageSpeed insights are
something managed/run by Google, not WordPress.com so I'm unable to help
with why their tool isn't reporting the speed of your site. When you say
you slipped back two marks, what do you mean? Do you mean you're ranking
lower in search engine results? Yes, I check it every day....Something
dosn't seem right with my website, and it's definitely lacking in th
emobile department, but it's severely limited Search engine rankings can
change for large number of reasons, including but not limited to page
speed. If you give me a minute, I'll see if anyone else is reporting
page speed issues. Page speed doesn't appear to be an issue at
WordPress.com. If the primary concern is your rankings, you may want to
read through these guides and also check your rankings in incognito
mode: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ . I am using Google
webmaster tools My mobile ranking is absolutely horrible Should i be
using a data highlighter? I see. I'm not familiar with data highlighter.
I think that's a Google Webmaster tool, right? Microdata markup? I'm
sorry, this is outside the scope of what I'm able to help you with.
These are Google related inquiries. You're best bet is to read through
Google's guides and if you have issues, contact Google. I found this
which might be helpful:
https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/www.google.com/en//webmasters/docs/search-engine-optimization-starter-guide.pdf
. Search rankings are driven by algorithms not known to the public. You
can learn more about how to manage SEO to improve rankings here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ . Let me
know if you have any other questions. Feel free to start a new chat any
time too. No problem Have a good one! hi,\n\ncan you help how i can put
meta keywords in the site ? i'm at premium plan, so any plugins would
help me on it ? Also i need some help from you how i can improve my
website for more traffic, any suggestions on theme or content please ?
Here on WordPress.com we don't have the ability to install plugins,
regardless of the plan. However, you can \tag\ your posts and pages with
keywords, that functionality is built-in. We also have a page here with
a lot of great suggestions on increasing traffic to your site:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ ok. can
you give some suggestions if the current theme suits my content ? since
you are a expert you can identify it very fast Sure, the Expound theme I
think is perfect for a news-oriented site, based on the frontpage
layout. ok thnx.. so any suggestions u cn giv to improve it I don't
really see anything off-hand that still needs to be setup or should be
customized. At this point it's just a matter of your personal
preferences. And one of the most important things to do is to continue
to publish regular, relevant content. hello there base on my site
directwaterproofing.ca, can you please help me how to right good meta
title under SEO tool and good meta description pls
https://directwaterproofing.ca This question is actually better suited
for an Search Engine Optimization expert. Here on WordPress.com we can
assist with settings and any issues you may have with your WordPress.com
site, but for assistance with SEO tasks such as this I would recommend
consulting an expert. Buonasera, vorrei capire come funziona SEO e come
indicizzare la pagina su google in modo che risulti visibile. Grazie!
\nGood evening, I would like to understand how SEO works e how to index
my page on google and other search engine, so that my page will be
visible. Thank you! A public site is crawled by google, but can take a
few weeks to get listed in search You can read more about it here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ ok, thank you. Let us know if you
have more questions! ok great! I have lot of questions, I'll write you
as soon as I make a checklist of my problems! We will be here! im trying
to set up g suite and i need to add a meta tag on the home page - how do
i do that? You should be able to add that in the Google verification
field here: https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/teddytidy.wordpress.com
Hi -, when i search my site on google and go to images and click on the
link to my page - it doesn't load the whole website only the header!!!
Could you tell me what term you're searching? I'll see if I can get the
same effect lisa williams golden bay iridology and lisa williams onekaka
lisa williams golden bay etc If you're in the 'Images' section of
Google, it's only going to show you the images themselves i click on the
link to visit the page and it doesn't load only the header loads But
when I click on them, the full page loads for me scroll down Scroll down
to where? down the page and no tabs load ie the website comes up blank
Hmm, not for me Is the address in your browser bar correct?
https://goldenbayiridology.com/ click on that I get the full page Could
you tell me if you see the same problem in a different browser? i dont -
i have 2 computers an apple and this windows and the page hasn't loaded
all day ok it loads on safari but not chrome Well, that's also good news
– if the problem is only happening in one browser on one device, then
it's probably browser-related Have you cleared your browser cache? Try
that! It might do the trick. not sure how Here are some instructions
from Chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?hl=en also
- another question - when i search for my site online - all the page
photos come up in view images on google - but not the main header page
with golden bay iridology on it why would this be? as its a good piece
of art and the photo is loaded htere just the same Google is a
mysterious beast :) But I think because as a header, you've sort of
defined it as part of the site structure mmm Whereas photos that are
placed AS photos in your content sort of have more context that Google
can read – the post it's on, the caption you give it, etc, those are all
things that tell search engines where the image fits best hi, can i talk
to Brezo Please? ok well its my logo Hi there! Sure let me see if she is
around and it should load really Google likes to give authoritative
answers to search questions It doesn't really know that it's your logo
because it can't read the *image* with any meaning This is Brezo But,
say, if you put your logo on a page called 'Logo' with the caption 'my
logo' then it would have lots of information about what it is. that's
not helpful as its an image like all the others just the same Thanks for
coming :) i am Tine :) (I do not recommend that as a method ;) Nice to
meet you Tine! good - Nice meeting you to! I am very flexible on how we
spend the next 30 minutes. What are the 2-3 things you absolutely would
like to cover? oh well as a techo what do u suggest please as i might as
well not have anything there its my main ad First of all, i want to now
if i set up my SEO right. And actually, that is the most important
question that i have SEO and i would really like it to load on google
search I wouldn't worry about it not loading on a google image search or
is your service limited in this respect i am tho Yes! We can go trough
it! If someone is looking for your business, they're looking for your
business in the text results thx! as it really gets the message across I
had a look at your SEO settings before our session Someone using Google
Image Search is looking for images for their own purposes, generally can
we add some data to this main page title description or something I see
that you have verified your domain with Google. That is great! yes i
hope And you have filled in the SEO settings The most important thing to
go up on Google ranking is your content Let me check your settings so
far, just a moment Your page and posts titles can make a difference ok,
so i have a rather statig website but i added a blog is it best to post
frequentie on the blog ? static* Yes, Google privileges new and frequent
content So having a section Blog or News will help you Okay, I see you
haven't verified your site with search engines. It's not necessary to do
so, because WordPress.com is set up to be as strong a communicator with
search engines as possible. But if you'd like to take that extra step,
you can do so here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/goldenbayiridology.com so now i
appear on page two at google but this can go up? i did set it up last
night - thats why the images are now showing Yes, if you post content
regularly and have quality content, you will go up in the ranking your
tech man said it can take weeks if i waited You could also give your
saved image some alt and title text:
https://goldenbayiridologydotcom.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php?item=88
What did you set up last night? When you create a new post, you can work
on your title. Does it represent the content of my page? Is it using
words that my visitor would use to search for it? Then you can add a SEO
description and also pay important attention to the first paragraph on
the post may the two be different? google webpage bing & yahoo search
engine set up by typing my url into their link yes they can but Google
is smart, if the SEO description doesn't match the content of the page,
it will not use it. For example in my blog post i want tell again that i
am a gardenarchitfect but in the SEO i will because people search by
that? Hmm, I don't see anything entered in those fields. Do you see it
there? Yes that would work! But also include a description of your post
not on the site verification services link u just gave me that ive
clicked on and i named my images all by names, is this important? Is
that where you entered the info last night? i get very lost when i look
at all this coding stuff That is great! I was going to move onto images
now no its not i went onto a link can u please help me set this up Using
a descriptive title is important as Google indexes the images Hmm, I'm
not sure what you're referring to, and I don't see a chat transcript
from last night in your history Were you logged in with this account? It
is also a good practice to fill in the Alt tag i wasn't chatting with u
i did to that You weren't chatting with us at WordPress.com? mostly it
is the same as the title of the image. Is this ok? Oh, okay. Who were
you chatting with, and what did you set up? Yes, that is perfectly fine.
If you image title is descriptive enough it can be the same. Another
point that you can work on are links You can create links among your
content my friend who sets up websites and helped me as i wasn't coming
up in any google searches all weeek links to my pages? and your tech man
said it can take several weeeks to appear For instance, if you have a
post about a project that you did, you can link to your services or
contact page anyway Even after you verify, it can take a long time for
Google to see your content as a strong search result But it's good to
take all the steps you can As Google crawls your site, it will create
more references for your content it obviously hasn't worked if its not
showing up here on this site verification services page link that u sent
I can send you a list of resources we have to help you build strong SEO
for your site You can also comment on sites that share your subject The
page link that I sent you is a form you need to fill out to verify your
site using this method I can't tell what's going on with any other
methods you tried :) and what are tags? so do i enter my url in all
these fields I'll send our list of resources right now, so you have it
by email for later. But I can help you look at the steps you need to
take to verify your site google bing pinrest yandex Tags on posts are
used to categorize your content No, each service has different
instructions thanks sooo much as its all a bit too much for me at this
stage ok, and were do they appear? Google doesn't pay special attention
to them and if you add too many it can be a negative point thats where i
need a pro like yourself :-) ok, skipper that then! :) If you have a
Google account already, you can use these instructions. Let's start with
Google Search Console: skip* No no, you can use them but with the goal
of organizing your content! You need to do a few things from your side,
as I can't be logged in to your Google account :) They also can be used
on WordPress.com reader to find your site :) So go ahead and use them!
Just bear in mind that it is not because you put a specific tag on your
post that you will appear on Google search results if someone searches
for it Your post title, description and content are more important for
that purpose We have a seminar that explains SEO settings for Business
users You can find it here: https://wordpress.com/help/courses ok!
great! how do i upload it - do i just add it to my url It is a 60
minutes video that explains how to optimize your site for SEO ok super!
We have covered some of it but I recommend going through it :) i will do
that! And if you have questions, we are here to help! ok! are u therer I
reviewed some of your previous support interactions and I saw that we
already gave you some articles on SEO yes! Those are also great! i think
i have no further questions? Anything else that you would like to cover
other than SEO? no not really, have you suggestions after looking at my
website? Hey, my internet cut out for a bit there great your back Okay,
could you tell me which steps you've gotten through from that link? not
sure where to upload that Are you logged into your Google account? You
are doing a good job on your site! One thing I notice is that you don't
have testimonials on your testimonials section Have you visited this
link? http://g.co/SearchConsole yes and ive downloaded that verification
file no, i asked people for it, ans i am still waiting for respoonse i
havent uploaded that file yet - not sure where to upload it to on my
site Okay, I think you skipped a step In order to use the Google Search
Console with your WordPress.com site, choose “Alternate methods“. ah ok,
do you know how to add them when they reply? (that's not the method
where you download a file) yes, i know :) Then: Select the “HTML tag”
option to continue. Another thing I noticed is that you don't have links
to your social networks ah ok? Can you go back to that step and do that?
You’ll see a line of HTML code that you're meant to copy and paste where
can i add them? Give me a moment to check the theme locations ok done
that - ive copied the meta tag where do i paste it If you check the
demo, they are located on the footer: https://swelldemo.wordpress.com/
paste the code you copied into the “Google” field under the “Site
Verification Services” section. yes, that i did. I added Facebook there
In the link I sent you:
https://wordpress.com/settings/seo/goldenbayiridology.com ok done - do i
enter yes, that is great! I am referring to the icons below, on the demo
site. or save settings you can save on that screen
http://cld.wthms.co/gQbl ah yes, now i see I don't know if you would
like to add them :) But you have that option with your theme yes, but i
only have Facebook ans linkedin Excellent! Return to the Google Search
Console verification page and click “Verify“. You could have icons to FB
and LinkedIn. You can think about it, there is no need to do it now. And
your theme documentation has the steps to do it:
https://theme.wordpress.com/themes/swell/support/ i will do it, do you
know how? Yes! If you open your customizer Click on theme And Footer i
clicked continue Did it confirm it was verified? and it says You can add
the links to your social networks. yes it did Great Let me give you an
example of what you would put there search analytics - no data available
- why not? What's the full message? Could you copy/paste it? instead of
your-url-goes-here New and important\nNo new messages or recent critical
issues. View all\nCurrent Status\n\nCrawl Errors \nNo errors detected in
the last 90 days. Nice!\n \n\nSearch Analytics\nNo data available. (Why
not?)\n \n\nSitemapsNo Sitemaps\nWhy submit a Sitemap? you would put the
link to your Facebook profile When you click 'Why not' what does it tell
you? Let me know if you need help with it or have questions about it!
For LinkedIn you would add: When does Search Console data appear?\nWhen
you add your site to Search Console, it may take some time before
diagnostic and other data is available. This is normal; it can take some
time for Search Console to gather and process data for your site. In
general, if you see a \No data yet\ message, check back later. Once
Google starts crawling your site more often, you'll notice that Search
Console will begin to show more detailed data, and that this data is
updated more often.\n\nIf you still don't see any data, it may be for
one of these reasons:\n\nIf you are seeing no data for the site
www.example.com, it may be because you have added your site using
http://example.com. To Google, these are entirely different sites. If
you feel like you're missing some data, add both the www and the non-www
version of your domain to your Search Console account. Take a look at
the data for both sites.\nIf you see no data in the Crawl Errors report,
it may be because Google simply didn't find any problems. That's great
news—but we encourage you to check back regularly.\nIf you see no data
in the Search Analytics report, it may be because people aren't yet
clicking on your site in search results. Check out possible reasons why
your site may not be performing well in search.\nIf you see no data in
the Sitemaps report, consider helping Google discover content on your
site by creating and submitting a Sitemap.\nWe're always working to
increase the update frequency for your verified sites' data, such as
crawl, index, and search analytics stats. Much of this data depends on
the content of your site, and is a close approximation of the status of
your site. Our internal systems are always changing, and the web itself
is an ever-shifting ecosystem. In addition, there may be a lag between
when the numbers are calculated and when they are visible to webmasters
- although data gets published in intervals, we are continually
collecting it. If your content doesn't change very often, or if you're
not getting new links to your site, you may not see updates to your data
every time you sign in to Search Console. Okay, great, sounds like
that's normal ok - now what shall we do ok, thx, this was very helpfull!
Linking your site to your social networks will promote engagement and
bring traffic to your site I am glad it was! If you'd like to verify
with the other three services, the process will be similar for each You
can do Bing here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#bing-webmaster-center
Nice chatting to you Tine! nice schatting to you to Brezo! i dont have a
live account You will get a transcript of our conversation on your
email. I will also write a follow up email and if you have questions,
you can reply to it or open a new chat. ok, yhx! have i nice day! shall
i do this first XML
Sitemap\nhttp://goldenbayiridology.com/sitemap.xml\nYour site's sitemap
is automatically sent to all major search engines for indexing. thx*
Have a nice day you too! its at the bottom of that site verificatins
services page That has already been done ok cool But the page shows you
the sitemap address in case you want to plug it in to any services that
request it I've sent you an email with a bunch of other resources that
will help with SEO tips, if you'd like to take a look through to get
some ideas The best SEO practices are usually based around creating
good, frequent content that's relevant to the searches your potential
clients will be making It's a tough game :) ok ill look through that and
get back if i need more help But search engines reward quality! So
that's a good thing. yeah ill take that as a compliment :-)( Haha, yes
Best of luck with it ok - just one last thing about the header page can
i do something to the indexing of that so it comes up as an image on
google searhc You can add an alt tag or a description to the media
listing for that image, as I suggested way back at the beginning But you
can't really convince Google that a header image is a relevant image
result just like that Google makes its own rules ;) It might take a bit
of time well it worked on my husband site that i created through jimdo
its a great logo and it comes up on the image page So one thing to thing
of as a distinction there is the difference between a header image and a
logo You placed your logo in the background of a header image You didn't
place it as a *logo* So Google is going to see that as a header image,
which is less relevant to it than a logo However, if you wanted to
upload a logo, you could do it here by clicking 'Site Identity':
https://goldenbayiridologydotcom.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php
But you'd then need to change the header image to be a background that
*doesn't* include the logo, or you'll have two ;) ok - like a blank
background i get ya well ive just read back through your notes and found
the link to the image details on this photo alt description caption what
do u suggest i add here? lisa williams onekaka golden bay iridology to
all 3 lines? I am not an SEO expert so I wouldn't want to tell you what
would be relevant to your client searches But think of what they'd be
searching for ok all of the above and its not going to show on the
image? Not where it's placed as a header If it were placed in a post,
some info might show will it shoe in the caption box?
URL\nhttps://goldenbayiridologydotcom.files.wordpress.com/2016/05/golden-bay-iridology.gif\nTitle\nGolden
Bay Iridology\nCaption\nAlt Text\nDescription\nUploaded ByGolden Bay
IridologyUploaded ToGolden Bay Iridology\n There is no caption box for a
header image oh well theres one on this page to fillin Yes, you can fill
it in, but it won't show on the header ok ill try it now i guess i could
do that to all the inages? would it help the search engines Strong alt
tags are very helpful, yes For images on pages, depending on your theme,
caption text might show on the page so you may prefer to omit that ok it
hasn't so thats cool hey thanks so much for your help ill see how it
goes you too - good night Haha night :) Hi I'm trying to create an xml
site map but everytime I add my blog's address, it always gives me an
error message that my URL is invalid. Not sure what the problem is Your
site already has a site map You can see it on My Site -> Settings On SEO
tab Yeah you're right. Why thank you :) :) Let me give you some articles
on SEO on WordPress.com Hi. Is there a way to help my website show up in
a google search without paying for the business plan? Absolutely - there
are some things you can do to make Google \like\ your site Among many
factors - one important factor is how often you publish blog posts, and
how unique / good quality your content is Your site is already public -
so that's good, visible to search engines. Now, you can follow some of
the tips here to rank it higher in search engines: Thank you so much :)
My pleasure. :) Let us know if any other questions come up too - we'll b
here Hi could i use Firehose for better resalt from google? Can you
explain a bit more about what you're wanting to do? I am trying to set
up my site with my new domain and am running into issues. Namely, I want
to make sure my site is able to be indexed so that it can be picked up
by google I read for robot.txt google # If you are regularly crawling
WordPress.com sites, please use our firehose to receive real-time push
updates instead.\n# Please see
https://developer.wordpress.com/docs/firehose/ for more details. Hi
there! I'm happy to help with that. :) This is for
https://thetuesdayspecial.com/? yes, correct I thought I had to install
a plugin to do this, but then I can't figure out how to install a
plugin... Sure - so Here at WordPress.com, we support your site, and we
take care of all the updates, the backups, and the security. But since
all of our users share this platform, we don’t permit you to use plugins
or outside themes on any of our plans here at this time, since they can
introduce security risks. But we do have a lot of features already built
in. While we inform search engines of changes to your site immediately,
it can take them 3 to 4 weeks to index your site. It can also take time
for search engines to list your site near the top of the results, and
there is no simple way to fix this because it is up to search
engines.\n\nIf you are interested in increasing traffic to your site,
you may find the following documents helpful about SEO on
WordPress.com:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/\n\nTo expedite
things, I'd also recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ I just wasn't
sure if there was a way to expedite the indexing since I just change the
domain The Google Webmaster option is the best way, since it sometimes
speeds things up on Google's end, versus waiting for the next time they
crawl the site :) ok great so using the webmaster tools should basically
force google to crawl the site? Are you seeing a robot.txt error when
you try to search for your site, or having another issue or that's just
something that comes with using wordpress as the platform I'm trying to
understand what you are trying to resolve or do better. Crawl-delay:
3600 ignored from googlebot ok, actually it's coming together for me It
doesn't always speed it up, but it tells them that you made a change to
the site, and that can cause them to crawl it sooner. We unfortunately
don't have any control over how and when they index you :) I just read
through the links you sent Where are you seeing that message? robots.txt
Tester Sure! Another benefit of WordPress.com is the community aspect.
You'll be part of a big network of sites, so yours is more likely to be
seen. You can see more here about how we promote your posts to other
users: https://en.support.wordpress.com/topics/ sorry one more question
can change my site map to make it more easily readable? The site map we
make is readable for the search engines, since we give it to them in
plain text. What you'll want to do is be sure to use descriptive page
titles and short but descriptive page URLs, and that should help :) ok
sounds good You’re welcome! That's a lot of information, but you'll
receive an email transcript of this chat to refer to later as well. If
you have any additional questions let me know, or you can find us again
at https://wordpress.com/help great. Thanks again and i have problem
with Prohibited or invalid use HTML tag (Important)
https://recons.news/2016/10/05/%CE%B5%CE%BD%CE%B5%CF%81%CE%B3%CE%B5%CE%B9%CE%B1%CE%BA%CE%AE-%CE%B1%CE%BD%CE%B1%CE%B2%CE%AC%CE%B8%CE%BC%CE%B9%CF%83%CE%B7-2/
Ok, just one moment please. Alright, I think I see the issue with that
post. In the URL are special characters, so that can be causing this
issue. I'd recommend manually updating the post's URL. You can do this
by clicking on the URL just under the post title when you are editing
the post. I did not understand how to do it and what should I do if I
have problem If you click on \Blog Posts\ in your site's dashboard, you
can then click on \Edit\ under any of the blog posts you want to edit.
From there, you'll see the post's title, and next to that is a little
link icon. That's what you can click and then you would be able to edit
the post's URL so that it no longer contains special characters. how
change the name from this article?
https://wordpress.com/post/recons.news/84 Next to where it says
\?????????? ????????\ on the left you should see a link icon. Can you
click on that? Then you can click on where it says \??????????-????????\
and you can edit that yes bet on url i see post/recons.news/84 is
diferent from urlhttps://wordpress.com/post/recons.news/84 from on the
left of title That's just for the editing, the post number in the editor
is 84 But you need to change where it says \??????????-????????\ what
about robot txe? Here's a quick GIF I made demonstrating what you should
do: https://cloudup.com/cMhgteQtQ15 withe error message Can you tell me
how/where you are seeing the error message? thenk you from the gif Could
not detect this URL from Googlebot, it leads to a page that does not
exist. Generally, messages 404 do not adversely affect the performance
of your website in the search, but you can use them to help improve the
user experience. URL address errors webmaster google I still do not
understand. Can you explain how you got to see this? when i go google
search console and then Crawl errors then there is 126 link with 404
error Which domain is this error coming up on? could i send you a image
from google search console? Sure, you can upload it here:
https://reconssiteblog.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php
https://recons.news/2017/01/page/4/ That link is coming up in Google
Search Console? i upload 2 image I upload 5 image from diferent error
pages It looks like a bunch of pages on your site have been trashed over
the last few weeks. I think that may be playing a part here. Since when
you trash a post, Google would no longer be able to see it on your site.
At this point, I think the best best is going to be to start going
through the posts that you can access and update the links so that they
are not using special characters. Then from there you can have Google
reindex your site and review any errors that are still coming up. ?????
????? ?? ??????? ?????????? what we mean What are the special characters
Let me check to see if I can find you a list. I found some good
information here on using Greek wording in URLs, you may wan to take a
look at what Moz is recommending:
https://moz.com/community/q/urls-in-greek-greeklish-or-english-what-is-the-best-way-to-get-great-ranking
Thank you I will reed it greate!! Have a nice day Have a website that
consumers can find using a browser Your site at
https://gullstrandlaw.com/ is currently a public site, which is
accessible via your site address. But no one can reach it except by
putting the exact URL address into their browers To make your site
easier to find in searches (such as Google), I would recommend
connecting your site with the Google Search Console and other search
engines. This can be done following the instructions here: Sure thing!
That will make a big difference in the ease of user's locating your
site. You might also want to add an excerpt to your home page:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/excerpts/#creating-excerpts That will
be added as additional meta-data for your site, which will help with
searches. Hi, How can I improve population of my business name in search
engines (mostly Google)? I am the only company named \Toronto Assistant
Services\ and when anyone searches it, I should be at the top. Are there
setting changes I need to make within my WordPress account? Have you
taken a look through the search engine support
documents?\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ My account
is set to public...so there's not much else I can do, other than keep
posting blogs? Does blogging help promote the site overall? The more
content you add, the more it'll get picked up. The more you post posts
or pages, the better the search engines pick up your site. Other than
blogging, there's not much content I need to add. It is what it is; my
business info doesn't change much. Any suggestions about content that
can be added other than blog posts? Let me see what the best methods
would be. I would say you could create more pages for more depth. Maybe
start a blog on tips and tricks, general advice, and the more posts
made, the more traffic gets gained. Using social media also helps in
gaining more traffic. Did you also connect to Google's search console?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ You can also take a
look through these links to
help!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU7uxbngrq4=youtu.be\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/
Here are some things they can do to improve your site's ranking with
Google:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Thank you very much. Just to be clear: blog posts are considered
relevant content that helps promote the site, yes? OK thanks again I
can't see to get Google or Bing to find the new website. We have
recently moved from Auctiva Commerce to Wordpress and cannot get Google
or Bing to find the new website. I have submitted the new site maps -
but I keep getting a 301 redirect error! I have looked at the
information for Site Move's on both Google and Bing - but this seems to
only be helpful if you change domain names. Below are the responses from
Google and Bing when they attempt to fetch the new website. \nBing:\n
Status: Redirection limit reached.\n\nHTTP/1.1 301 Moved
Permanently\nConnection: keep-alive\nDate: Wed, 15 Mar 2017 03:22:15
GMT\nContent-Length: 178\nContent-Type: text/html\nLocation:
https://laughingdogdaycare.com.au/\nServer: nginx\nX-ac: 3.dca
_bur\n\n\n\n\n\n\n

301 Moved Permanently

\n

------------------------------------------------------------------------
nginx\n\n\n\nGoogle:\nDownloaded HTTP response:\n1\n\nHTTP/1.1 301 Moved
Permanently\n\n2\n\nServer: nginx\n\n3\n\nDate: Wed, 15 Mar 2017
04:31:55 GMT\n\n4\n\nContent-Type: text/html\n\n5\n\nContent-Length:
178\n\n6\n\nConnection: keep-alive\n\n7\n\nStrict-Transport-Security:
max-age=86400\n\n8\n\nLocation:
https://laughingdogdaycare.com.au/\n\n9\n\nX-ac: 5.dfw _bur\n\n10\n\n
\n\n11\n\n\n\n12\n\n\n\n13\n\n\n\n14\n\n

301 Moved Permanently

\n\n15\n\n

------------------------------------------------------------------------
nginx\n\n16\n\n\n\n17\n\n\n\n18\n\nI've searched the web for
information, but can't seem to work out what needs to be done to fix it!
Actually i am in my initial stages of blog writing . Though i have
enough content but this is my first time on an official platform . When
you will see , i have written around 5 blogs till now and at present
some ads are coming of some blogs on my posts . Can you tell me what
does that mean and how can i improve my blog performance , so that i can
get maximum likes and views .\nWaiting for your reply Hi there! One
moment please as I check on this. ok, that's because the blog is part of
the WordAds program, to monetize your site see
https://wordpress.com/ads/earnings/exploreit.blog?retry=1 as for growing
traffic on your site, I suggest reading over these tips:\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
okk Thank you - I'll hang in there! And is there any way that wordpress
provide to make blogposts visible to strange users to increase traffic
?? tagging your posts can help your content being discovered through the
WordPress.com Reader see
https://en.support.wordpress.com/topics/#get-your-content-to-appear-in-tags
that's also a good way for you to discover content similar to yours, and
connect with others okk .. that will help a lot ... one final question
when and how can i start earning ?? Sorry to keep you waiting. Still
looking into this.\n monthly earnings are shown at the end of each
following months That's okay - I really appreciate any help I can get.
as for how much you'll earn, you'll need to get a lot of traffic, in the
thousands at least to get some significant amount of earnings okk ..
thanks a lot for your answers sure .. it was very helpful Thanks for
waiting. May I know what tool/s you're using specifically that are
getting these errors? Google Search Console (Fetch as Google) and Bing
Webmaster (Fetch as Bing Bot) Gotcha. Can you tell me when you changed
your domain's nameservers? You mean when we changed from Auctiva
Commerce to Wordpress? Yes, I mean when you changed your domain's
nameservers
to:\n\nns1.wordpress.com\nns2.wordpress.com\nns3.wordpress.com Okay that
would have been 3rd March Sorry for the delay. Can you go back to Google
Console? When fetching your site, could you enter your URL in this
format? https://laughingdogdaycare.com.au/ note the https:// and the
trailing slash Those are needed. Let me know what the results are. The
computer has decided to go in go slow mode - I am still working on it.
Sure, no worries! Ooh! It's looking better! Rather than redirected it
now says \Partial\ Good to know! Okay, it is actually picking up the new
website now - so I'd say that's progress, but there's a big list of
things it couldn't pick up - but maybe that is not such a big deal. ok,
good to know there's progress Thank you for your help. I think I managed
to get Bing to look at it properly now - so some more progress. I was
feeling very frustrated. Feeling better now though - so thanks again :)
hI TWO QUESTIONS:\nThe contact form of
https://villaottolenghiwedekind.com shows my account name and the email
of another site I manage (https://lestanzedelcardinela.com. \nIs it
possible to eliminate such names from the form and therefore avoiding
for other people to read them?\nSecond question: I don't see the site
villaottolenghiwedekind.com I have created yesterday on any search
engine (i.e. Google). I only get to the site if I write the full address
(i.e. https://villaottolenghiwedekind.com).\nIs it correct ? Is it only
a matter of time?\nThks for your support Reading your questions :) The
contact form will preload your data if you are logged into WordPress.com
If I visit your page logged into my account, it will preload my name and
email :) ok, therefore other people don't see it. correct? yes, correct.
Other people will not see your name and email. Reading your second
question :) The site is just created, which search terms do you use?
google sorry, villa ottolenghi wedekind or villaottolenghiwedekind.com
sorry they are calling me on the phone, I'll be back later to you if not
solved yet, thks for your support I will email you then :) Only for the
key search neurofeedback varese the result in Google is
this:\nhttps://www.google.it/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant=1=2=UTF-8#q=neurofeedback+varese&*\n\nFor
all the others keysearch, for ex. neuro feedback varese is
correct:\nhttps://www.google.it/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant=1=2=UTF-8#q=neuro+feedback+varese&*\n\nGoogole
alert for an error in robot.txt file. How can i solve this problem?
Thanks and sorry for my terrible english\n You changed the blog from
private to public 2 weeks ago but Google can take up 4-6 weeks to update
its index The message about the robot.txt file was cached when the site
was private Ah ok, is it only a temporary problem? Why can i read this
error message only for that single key search (neurofeedback varese)? It
might have been cached for that term search, it will eventually go away
:) Ok, thanks a lot! You are welcome! One thing that you could do that
might help speed up the process is to use Google Search Console:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Verifying your domain
with Google is not required but might help :) I followed up via email.
If you have more questions do not hesitate to start a new chat. Have a
nice day! No aparece la descripción de mi página en el resultado de
búsqueda de googlee, me pone que debido al archivo robots.txt de este
sitio. ¿Cómo puedo modificarlo para que aparezca? Veo que cambiaste el
sitio de Privado a público hace un rato Si, porque estaba editando la
página aún Google tarda entre 4 y 6 semanas en indexar un sitio nuevo am
genial! Es cuestión de tiempo entonces... Eso es, puede ayudarte el
verificar tu dominio con Google aunque no es necesario Perfecto!
Muchísimas gracias!!! De nada! Si necesitas más ayuda no dudes en
empezar un nuevo chat.\n¡Qué tengas un buen día! Hi. I don't know if
this is possible but the help service has been so wonderful that I
thought I'd ask. I was wondering how(if) to make it possible for people
to search for my website by attaching key search term words for it. For
instance, if you Google search \creating a nation united\ it doesn't
show up; but if you search for creatinganationunited it does. \n Thanks
for the good words. Keywords depend on how you craft your content - like
posts/pages Google mostly picks up keywords from the content you've
written. So, you should write it emphasizing your targeted phrases. We
have a detailed guide here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ We have
support for 'meta description' components but that's only in the
Business plan. The fact is you don't really need it, you should work on
the content , the way you're writing it, according to the phrases you
want to rank for. okay, thanks I'm looking into SEO services for my
website but everything is so incredibly expensive for what my budget is.
I noticed on the Business Plan there are SEO tools available. Can you
explain what all that entails? Do I actually get professional help
regarding SEO?\n I can help explain, yes. :) WordPress.com Business
allows you to edit the way your site's posts/page appear in search
engine results. So, you'd be able to edit the meta title and meta
description for each of your posts and pages. You're so welcome! We have
some really useful resources around SEO. Let me grab them for you. :)
Let us know if anything comes up. I just don't know if I have enough
knowledge on those things to be able to do it myself but might be worth
a shot to save some money. Definitely worth a shot! :) To start with, we
have a really good overview and introduction to how SEO works here at
WordPress.com here: This post also goes into detail about creating
content that search engines will love: Finally, we offer a guided course
around Branding and Growth. If you sign up here, we'll deliver daily
lessons straight to your inbox: Perfect - I will look into this some
more. Thank you very much!! You're most welcome! We're right here if
anything else comes up too. I need to speak with an expert on SEO as I
am not certain that I have done all that I can do. Can someone please
call me at 606-923-4792? It will likely be a short call. Thanks. Steve
Muth. We don't have phone support, just online channels like this live
chat.. Can I help you? Sure, can you please review my website and let me
know if I have all the things done to maximize SEO. I saw the webinar
twice and I am a bit confused since the instructor mentioned that WP
will do much of the SEO work for me. Can you take a look and let me
know? www.hrbones.com So, SEO is not so simple that looking for your
site we'll be able to figure it out what else you can do.. All technical
aspects area already set on WordPress.com but to have good results on
search engines you'll need to invest some time to understand your
market, what your niche wants to read about, interact with interested
users on online groups like forum, facebook and linkedin groups, etc so
you'll be able to understand what people in your niche wants to know
about and use this information to read good content and let them know
that your site is a good place to read about this topics It's more about
marketing than technical aspects I already have a blog article to post,
however, I don't expect anyone to read it since I have no visibility on
the web. I can broadcast this on Facebook and LInkedin, but I am not
optimistic. I don't know that i can be a \resource\ since it will be one
article at a time. there are many big organizations that have huge
resources for many things that I can't do. I have started with google my
business, but I have virtually no visibility. I assume that it would do
little good to add tags or explanations in the WP admin page? I assume
it would be automatic based on what was in the webinar? I assume there
is nothing more for me to do within the WP admin page, etc. Yes, but
it's normal as you're starting! I know it can be hard but it's better
when you think it's a marathon, not a sprint. The best way to have
results is invest some time in some marketing tasks like create good
content, share your thoughts with your audience where they talk about
it, so they'll know about you, your business, etc. It's good using tags
and categories to organize your content, so your visitors will be able
to check it to find more posts about the same topics So, I should
attempt to tag all of these pages on my site myself? I think so! Ok,
thanks for your thoughts. I assumed that WP did this automatically, but
I will start this process. You're welcome, glad to help! If I search for
reikilovewinters.org, it is not searchable. I can't have anyone look up
the name and find it. I need the site to be searchable. If I put the
name into my Chrome search bar, it doesn't come up as an option. I
bought the domain name, and I paid for the webhosting, and it doesn't
exist. HELP. I want to be able to have people find me. Hi there! I'm
happy to help with that. Let me take a look at your account. Just a
moment, please. :) Okay, thanks for waiting! Your site loads for me if I
put it in my address bar of my browser. A Google search for
'reikilovewinters' it also comes up, but there's more you can do to
improve that on your site.. While we inform search engines of changes to
your site immediately, it can take them 3 to 4 weeks to index your site.
It can also take time for search engines to list your site near the top
of the results, and there is no simple way to fix this because it is up
to search engines.\n\nIf you are interested in increasing traffic to
your site, you may find the following documents
helpful:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/\n\nTo expedite things,
I'd also recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ The
transcript for our chat will be emailed automatically when the chat
ends, so you'll have this to refer back to :) I can put in the whole
site, https:// and still, with my chrome engine, it won't find it or
open it. I can only find the site and open it through past emails. I'm
not sure I understand - you put reikilovewinters.org in your browser
address bar, and it doesn't load? What country are you in when trying to
load it? Winters, California USA Thanks! Some areas have blocked
WordPress so we like to check. I'm able to see your site there - do you
have another browser you can try? I get an offer for Groupon It sounds
like you could have a virus on your computer - have you run a virus scan
lately? It can hijack your browser. ok I'll check for virus. thanks.
Sure! You may also need to try clearing your browser's cache.
Instructions can be found
here:\n\nhttp://www.refreshyourcache.com/en/home/ I clicked the monetize
my blog button but wasn't ready to put all that information in. Can I
un-opt in for the time being until I can talk to my husband about it?
Hey there Also, in my previous chat, I was told that even if I upgraded
this evening, my renewal wouldn't be until Yes, you should be able to
Pause the ads by clicking on My Sites at the top left, then WordAds in
the left-hand menu April 2018 but I just checked and it says it will
renew in Feb I'll check the dates paused it. Thank you and okay
Auto-renew happens 1 month ahead to make sure there's plenty of time to
resolve issues, but the expiry of your Business plan is March 16. I'm
happy to extend that to May 18 for you If you check your upgrades page
now it should say renewing in April Thank you so much! Do I need to use
BlueHost to host my website. I have used already made my website here on
WordPress and don't know if WordPress hosts my website or i need to use
BlueHost I'm still trying to figure out this SEO stuff. The WP article
says it's pretty common sense but maybe I'm just too tired for it to
compute. Hi there, with your current site, it's utilizing WordPress.com.
If you wanted to use a self-hosted site, you would use BlueHost. You can
read the difference of WordPress.com and WordPress.org
here:\nhttps://wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ Okay, so WordPress is already
hosting my website? Correct. Mostly SEO works if you make something
human-friendly it will be search engine-friendly too. WordPress.com,
that is. So use images, headings, subheadings accordingly I just found
one of your webinars though. And awesome. I'll keep that in mind! As for
the extra SEO options, they're just needed if you want to really
fine-tune things right. I'm just trying to figure out what they are
asking for, haha Sure. Maybe if you're too tired look at it again
tomorrow and ask us if it still doesn't make sense? Hosting helps my
website be reached over google and bing correct? I'm happy to answer any
questions now, but I don't want to overwhelm you :) absolutely! I will.
Thank you so much! That's SEO. Hosting takes a domain and allows the
domain to have a website. So would I use BlueHost for SEO? Nope! I mean
yes, you can. But here at WordPress.com we utilize SEO as well. The
difference is, it's done on our end. To read more on SEO with
WordPress.com, you can info
here:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ Okay, so i am a
little confused. If I go to googel and type in my domain name, it doesnt
pop up You began 2 days ago correct? Yes, correct The way SEO works (for
any site) is it takes time to propagate. The more you post or create
content, the higher it gets in SEO. For new sites like yours, it takes
3-4 weeks for Google to get it into its system. oh okay, so is the same
for bing and yahoo and other search engines Yes, they all work the same.
Okay, thank you. I thought i had to have both You're very welcome! It
happens, the two types of WordPress can get confusing sometimes. If you
have any other questions, feel free to ask! Until then, Have a great
day! :) Thank You How To Add Good Expires Headers to Images Can you
elaborate a bit on \Good expires \ headers site is not using expires
headers for all of your images. An expires tag can help speed up the
serving of your webpages for users that regularly visit my site and see
the same images WordPress.com sites use high quality Content delivery
networks and hence do not need any additional tags WE have adequate
caching too if thats what you are refering to? im tsting my website and
i get messages like server appears to allow access from User-agent
Libwww-perl. Botnet scripts that automatically look for vulnerabilities
in your software are sometimes identified as User-Agent libwww-perl. By
blocking access from libwww-perl you can eliminate many simpler attacks.
Read more on blocking Libwww-perl access and improving your website's
security. Depending on the tool you are using there could be false
positives sometimes. you can rest assured we are using the best features
here as far as security and speed are concerned. The technology we use
for sites like Time.com and many media sites hosted on WordPress.com is
exactly the same we give you we also have adequate backup for your site
I will pass on your feedback to our systems team though i also get
message html rotio to test is under 7% any suggestions I am not aware of
that. What does that mean? and if you could tell me what tool are you
using? https://seositecheckup.com/seo-audit/palmbeachsignaturelimo.com
the items you have mentioned are only warnings.. I do not see any
serious errors there. no problem Text to HTML Ratio\n\nRatio : 7%
\n\nYour website's ratio of text to HTML content is below 10 percent.
This is an indication that your site is very code heavy and complex,
making it harder for search engines to identify user content. Have you
listed your site on Google Webmaster tools ? do you see any explicit
errors over there? I suggest you refer there since that is first hand
information from google. all other tools are mere guesses as compared to
that :D some of the suggestions of third party tools can have adverse
impact too.. like adding any additional code to header can also make the
site vulnerable. thats one reason we do not permit any changes to header
code You can check this article here for improving your search
performance on WordPress.com please tell me what do you think about this
http://www.seoptimer.com/palmbeachsignaturelimo.com#results My response
would be the same as earlier. i wouldnt trust any tool better than
Google Webmaster tools :) how do i update my site Update your site ..
you mean its content? yes , i think is good for search engine You can
create posts from wordpress.com/posts .. make sure you post regularly
you can also check your pages via wordpress.com/pages Here are some
additional tips for gaining traffic if i create more post and add more
images to my posts , it will make my site heavier Not necessarily.. it
depends on how many posts you show at one time I suggest you check the
articles i sent and also
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ and come back if you
have any doubts was very helpful Sure. :) I will close our chat for now.
do come back if you have any queries after reading through the articles
i sent. remember to check Webmaster tools as the first hand and most
reliable tool for SEO thanks , buy Hi there, \n\nI am trying to update
my site title and tagline - I have done this before and it has updated
however now it seems to not be working.\n\nI have tried changing the
title and tagline in both the customization options and general settings
options, and saved, however when I google my own business I can see that
it has not changed from the old titles, and it has been a few days.
\n\nIt shows the correct title and tagline in the customization options,
but doesn't actually save / change when viewing from google.\n\nI would
like my site title and taglines only to appear on google and not my
actual header of my website, so I have unclicked the display option.
\n\nAny help ASAP would be appreciated.\n Okay, let me investigate. This
may take a few minutes, but I’ll be right here. thank you :) still
checking ... May I know when you changed the title and tagline? I
changed it yesterday morning It would typically take a few days for
Google to reflect that change. Search engines crawl through sites
periodically and any change takes time to reflect Okay, I shall wait
then, thank you :) Have a great day :-) Hello, I've make Pay Pal buttons
and followed the information provided on Wordpress but when I check them
on my site they don't go anywhere.\n Hi there!\nI will try to help you
here :)\nGive me a moment.. Can you help me locate the paypal buttons on
your site? Have you had the chance to see this guide?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/ I'm pretty sure I followed all
the instructions. You can see the buttons on my site fine.
https://danceequations.com/teaching-resources/ give me a moment to check
it thx I checked the page, you've missed the first 3 steps on the paypal
support doc really you have to replace this part 'YOUR-LINK-HERE' of the
code with your paypal link I did that I did it in the visual section
first so that it was a link and then copy and pasted it into the HTML Ok
what is your paypal link, can you share it with me? one sec, I have to
log in again. I made 4 different buttons No worries! We'll only try to
fix the first button and then you can go ahead and fix the rest :) I'll
be able to help here once we have the paypal link This is the eBook
Button https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick_button_id=4T782VHHJNJE2
This is the printed book code
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick_button_id=ZHVVHXENQKQ74
check the first link on that page now I made it a link the the \your
link here\ text. Maybe I should have copy and pasted it in the HTML
section. yes you're correct! that is supposed to be pasted in HTML
section see this is the final code that I used in the HTML editor -
(image) I mis understood becasue it said it needed to be a link thanks.
I can fix the others Don't worry! That's completely understandable :)
I'm glad we sorted this out together! Also, if it's a item that needs to
be shipped, Will Paypal ask for their mailing address? I think so! And
it should. However I cannot say this for sure as this is from Paypal's
side and not ours. So I would suggest you to check this with them once
:) ok great thanks! have a good day. you're welcome! and you too have a
nice day :) I have another question :) Sure, go ahead. At the bottom of
the site there is a list of pages. Some of those are panels I created
for the first page and links form images that are pages. I don't want
them all listed on the bottom. how do I take them off and list the main
ones? I'm in the page customizer and I am on Footer 1, I can see how to
change the order. When I type in the pages in EXCLUDE nothing is
eliminated. I see you're using the pages widget. Yeah, in that widget,
you can exclude specific pages. To get the page IDs, go to Pages on your
dashboard, and then if you click on each page, the url will give you the
page ID. I tried, maybe I'm not in the right place The number is the
URL? Let me explain … Go to Pages, and then click on Teaching Resources.
I think I just did it. The url for the editor for that page is
https://wordpress.com/page/danceequations.com/16938 So 16938 is the page
id. yup thanks Hi, I just had help with getting me account verified. I
went through and clicked the verify link in the email, and it said it
had been successful, but i still have the error message on my account
and the domain still doesn't work..? I'll be happy to help, let me take
a look into it. Your account and domain are already verified I visited
your site address laura-brain.com and your site is working fine! Oh
okay, It isn't working when is search it! It comes up with website
cannot be found for me Let me understand: It's working but you don't
find in when searching for it on search engines like Google.. that's
your problem? Yes thats correct, do i need to change my settings? No,
you just need to wait Google index it if you search for
site:laura-brain.com you'll see that it already indexed your home page I
mean site : laura-brain.com without http:// I'm sorry, I'm not sure I
understand. So do I need to index it? No, Google bot needs to index your
pages Google need to find your pages and save it in his database (that
what means index a site), so you site can appear on Google searches Oh
okay, so I just need to wait for them to do it? Yes! Focus on your site
content and Google will understand that you have good content to be
indexed me again :) I am having trouble with the blog page. I imported
blog posts and you can see them but on the actual blog page it seems
like there is a mixture of the page titled blog and the ones I imported.
I'm confused about where I write and edit blogs. This looks correct to
me. Everything listed is a blog post There is a page called blog and a
section for blog posts. Yes, you don't need to edit the Blog page. It is
there as a location for your blog posts other than the home page To edit
posts you click on Blog Posts in the left menu of your admin Then you
can click on the post to edit it To create a new one you click the Add
button next to Blog Posts how come all the blogs show a bit of the post
but one of them says only \this is an excerpt\ how can I make it look
like the others? which post says \this is an excerpt\? The first one,
Dancing Days ok, so this theme support excerpts by default, but if
there's something in the excerpt box, then that'll show instead, so you
can remove or edit that, see
https://en.support.wordpress.com/splitting-content/excerpts/ for how to
edit that option k I still don't get it. I didn't add excerpts for the
other ones, why does it look different? on
https://wordpress.com/post/danceequations.com/4 \this is an excerpt\ is
still there, see http://d.pr/i/3BuG, you'll need to remove, so that it
shows part of the actual post, like for the others I never made excerpts
for the others. I just wrote the blog and shares and check marked, show
part of the post, in the page options. There is only one option for the
whole page so I don't understand why one is different. Sorry that made
no sense. I'm not sure how to explain. I just wrote the post normal, I
never made excerpts. I just wrote one and it showed up how I want it, I
didn't do any specific thing to it. I just clicked to option to show
only a portion and not all of the post. But that is not an individual
post option it's for all the post so shouldn't they just be the same.
did you start them from scratch, or edit a default one? it's possible
that the default post had this message in it already o, how do I get rid
of it? I imported two posts, one is the messed up one and one is fine,
Then I wrote a new one and it showed up fine. I can't find any options
to change it. go to on https://wordpress.com/post/danceequations.com/4
then remove it from the right sidebar, see http://d.pr/i/3BuG once
again, thanks ok, I see, it's just been setup today did you have other
questions I can help with? Can you send me a link about SEO. I need to
start that process now and I have no idea where to start. sure, here are
some resources for it:\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/\n-
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/\n- video course \Everything
You Need to Know About SEO and Marketing for Your Website\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU7uxbngrq4 With my account, what type
of help can I get with this? what kind of question do you have exactly?
we can set that up for you, but we can guide you through it also,
WordPress.com already does take care of SEO for you by sending all the
content to Google good to know, thanks for your help. Another question.
In the template live demo, there was video on the home page but in the
background, like my black and white images. I'm looking around, but I
don;t see how to add video there instead? If you add video, is there
sound? Hello there! Let me take a look at that for you :) Might have
been in another template I saw, but I thought it was in this one. I'm
pretty sure it is not there in your current theme. But let me double
check :) Yes! It must be another theme. Video backgrounds are available
in only a few select themes. swell probably, hmmm I have a video I want
to put into a page them but it's too big, it's not letting me change the
size. it's in my media already Have you tried putting it in a page
already? yes, it's just a bit big so I took it out. I would love if it
was the same size as the other video I have on the home page. Can you
tell me which page it was? Home page The video I have now is on the 2nd
panel. I was going to add another to the 3rd. I can add it now so you
see. actually it's small now that I added it to the third panel. I had
originally added it to the first but that panel is full page so it was
huge. I'll just keep it where it is then, on the third it turns out
smaller. I have one more questions. Kind a a knit picky thing. The
videos actually take the whole width of the container they're in. If you
look at the second panel, there are four circles. One a large screen
they are all side by side. On a smaller device, the four circle in no
longer in line. I could pick a tile of mosaic formation and I'm sure
that would stay the same, I put in each image by itself becasue they are
all link to a page, one that provides a bit more detail. When I out it
in as the mosaic or tile option I could not put separate links on each
image. Is there anything I can do to make sure the formation stays as it
looks on my computer? Hm, you can make it into a table, but that would
mean either editing html, or using a third-party application. or can the
link open to a smaller display window instead of opening in in a whole
new page. That is not doable as of now. If you're open to making it into
a table, you can use an application called Open Live Writer.
http://openlivewriter.org/ ok I;ll check it out thanks how do I change
\category\ to make URL frendly?
\nhttps://hl-yeah.com/category/cnc-engraver/\nI would like this
https://hl-yeah.com/product/cnc-engraver/ It's not possible to change
the \category\ part of the URL. I'll just check what the URLs for
portfolio project types are, it might suit you better. Portfolios use
\project-type\ instead of \category\, so not sure if that suits your
topics or not. I want to group similar posts into categories under
parent page. the URL was like above. can I use child page to instead
categories for same role? Categories is the easiest way to do it. You
can show the posts on a child page, but you would have to use the
display posts shortcode in the page to list the posts:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/display-posts-shortcode/ I check one
question
https://hl-yeah.com/2017/01/16/curved-screen-is-the-trend-in-2017the-tbk-708-laminating-machine-can-laminator-samsung-s6-s6p-s7-and-so-on/
this is one of URL isn't it end with htm? None of our URLs end with an
extension like that. like this one
https://www.epiloglaser.com/products/legend-laser-series.htm what is
difference? It's a difference in the way the software running the
website works. That website isn't using WordPress, it uses something
else that needs those extensions. from hierarchy point of view, category
under page is not good right? You can have categories and pages in your
URL, it's either hlyeah.com/page-name or hlyeah.com/category/name, not a
combination of both And for SEO either is fine clear now I don't have
question now Bye :) hey - just want to know what (if any) SEO tools are
available on the lowest paid plan? I only have a basic website but want
to know if there is anything I can do to boost google searches etc,
thanks There are no specific SEO tools available with the Free plan -
there are some available with the Business plan, but for the most part,
we recommend boosting your SEO by posting to your site regularly with
fresh, relevant content and strong keywords :) ok - it's not really a
blogging site its more static with a few pages and a contact page Sure.
Other ways of improving your ranking would be to promote your site
through other means, like social media sites - but keeping a site
updated and relevant is what search engines will look for and catalogue
:) we have a really useful article here on other methods you could use,
and best practices:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ will my
website naturally appear on google then? and it will increase in ranking
if I blog, write unique content? That's exactly it, yes! :) No problem
at all, you're welcome. If you have any other questions, just let us
know ta I just upgraded to personal and assumed given the grid view of
plans that SEO was included as you compare to identical list of features
with the business plan. Could you please advise? Give me a second to
take a look This is the page
https://wordpress.com/plans/wolfpck.wordpress.com I can't see that
page.. You can send me a screenshot if you'd like. I can send an image
through the chat session? Upload it to your image gallery, and I'll be
able to see it there here - you can see it here
https://wordpress.com/pricing/ Ok. So those advanced SEO tools are only
available in the business plan. But your WordPress.com site comes very
SEO friendly. it does not come up in search results and no way to edit
the description/meta tags? It can take a while for Google's robots to
find you.. up to a couple of months or keywords User's can't edit the
metadata here at WordPress.com. ok - but no way to do the add/edit
unless business plan? Really, search engines love new original content.
That makes the most difference. ok - friendly suggestion is to uncheck
\Jetpack Essential Features\ under everything except business plan
because it is deceptive on the pricing page I shared Looking.. or remove
the word \includes SEO\ Those are features included in all plans. but
not SEO Like I said, your site comes very seo friendly :) ok, just
sharing some friendly feedback to avoid disappointed customers :) Is
there anything else I can do for you? Yes one more... So one reason I
upgraded too was so I could upload a custom page that will alllow me to
password protect, meaning I can edit code... this will allow me, yes? To
edit code, you'll want a WordPress.org site. how do I go about that with
my current site? You may want to consider self-hosting with a
WordPress.org install. You can install third- party themes and plugins
with WordPress.org, but you're a lot more responsible for the technical
upkeep of the site. There are some other differences between .com and
.org that you can read about here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ Check out
https://move.wordpress.com/ is there a way to move the site over? Yup!
You can export it https://en.support.wordpress.com/export/ ok will check
out... so was it useless in me upgrading? if I move it that is It may
have not been the right move for you, that's all :) You have 30 days for
a refund, though. So think it over, and we'll be able to point you in
the right direction. If you need anything else, feel free to open
another chat! Hi , my website does not come up in google search . Do I
need to change any settings ? Let me take a look at your site. Your site
is 5 days old. It might take a few weeks for search engines to index
your site. Please take a look at this page for detailed information
about search engines and your site
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ Does It Takes 6 weeks
to co to come up in search engines ? The actual time depends on the
quality and relevance of your content, your frequency of publishing, and
a lot of other, undocumented things. I would suggest setting up Google
Search Console, which might help speed up the process. Okay thank you .
I ll look into that first . What sort of Seo will the business plan give
me? So all WordPress.com sites are search engine friendly. Hi! How are
you? even premium? is business better? Yes, all WordPress.com sites are
search engine friendly The Business plan in particular does have a few
extra settings so you can customize how your site appears to the search
engines, specifically with meta tag descriptions, etc. do you think it
is worth it to upgrade? to get better ranking? While we can't promise
better search engine rankings with the Business plan, our Business users
do have access to those extra settings and extra webinars that cover
SEO. I'm looking at your site now, to see if I can offer further
recommendations. Which search terms are you looking to show up for? I'm
learning this as I go along-so I'll need to attract cleints who are
looking for copywriting services First off, you have a great looking
site. I love how you've used this theme. Thank you. I'm so proud of
myself-because I really have no idea what I'm doing! The best advice I
can give you about getting listed in search engines is to write good
content and descriptive titles for images. When search engines view your
site, they're looking at all of the text on your site, and then they put
you in the search engines based on the content (text/images) currently
on your site. yes I have read that as well This means that whatever
search terms you'd like to show up for, you'll need to have content on
your site (pages/blog posts/images) around it. That'll help the search
engines see that is what your site is about. Typically this does take
time to build. I'd recommend reading this article on SEO, which has some
great action
areas:\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
I think with a bit of time and great content your site could do great!
yes, so you dont think there is any advantage to having customized
metatags etc oh thank you! ok I wrote that before you sent the article
There are some advantages to it, but I think the biggest advantage you
have right now would be the content on your site :) great! I have one
more question, but I'm not sure if you could help with it. in 2013 I
designed a website for my novels. I had a family member write the code
and put it together on Wordpress-its self hosted. I have 2 glitches I
dont know how to work with -minor There's no live human I can talk to
about this is there? Hmm, so since it's self hosted typically the best
place to find support is the WordPress.org forums here:
https://wordpress.org/support/ or to hire a professional here:
https://jetpack.pro/ I appreciate your help so very much! Hi my site is
not showing up on google, I updated it all in january thinking it just
took time to show up on google. But it has been about six weeks now. Hi
I'm not sure how to get my site so people can find it on google? ok,
Google doesn't index automatically. I'd recommend you to take a look at
their support docs about that matter:
https://sites.google.com/site/webmasterhelpforum/en/faq--crawling--indexing---ranking
but you can use our SEO tips in order to improve the content you're
displaying on your blog that way it will be more SEO friendly and it
will help you to reach more visitors Great, I will take a look at that,
thank you. perfect, thanks I need to verify this site to enable google
SEO Sure thing. We have a guide on exactly how to verify your domain
with Google right here :)
https://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/ Hope
that helps - if you need anything else, just let us know! :) I have a
screenshot showing this but can't share it here. When I google
mindfulme.me it brings my website up first (yay) BUT it says \A
description for this result is not available because of this site's
robots.txt\ underneath. What does this mean and how can I fix it?
Thanks! Let me check it out whoops! I accidentally closed the tab that
had the chat in it - just trying to get back to it :) Hi - am I still
with you? No worries, I had time to check your site :) Sorry - I
accidentally closed the tab It was made public 3 weeks ago Google can
take 4-6 weeks to update the information ah ok - so that should change
in the next few weeks then? Yes, it will. Give me a moment to check your
SEO settings as well thank you very much for your help! One thing that
you can do is to validate your domain with Google:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ You don't have to but
it might help speed up the process ah wonderful - thanks! I will do that
:) We also have a course for Business Users on how to optimize your site
for search engines Let me give you the link that will be great - thanks!
It is a 60 minutes course with lots of tips and it will show you how to
configure your SEO settings as well ok - I will make time to watch that
- it will probably save me lots of time and stress. Thank you! You are
welcome! and if you have any questions, just open a new chat! Have a
wonderful Tuesday! you too - thanks again With images, I know to use alt
text, captions, and descriptions as Google searches these along with the
text copy on pages/posts. Does this also apply to captions/descriptions
on audio files? I want to be sure to set up my audio files right the
first time so I can leverage all the tools available. Thanks for any
insights you can share. That's a great question! Let me see what I can
find for you :-) Looking.. :) Thank you. I tried searching Google but
didn't have much luck. Not to say someone doesn't have the answer,
though! :) Here's what I can say. It looks like the descriptions of
audio files end up on your site's sitemap And that's what Google looks
at when indexing your site. So I need to pay particular attention to
what I'm putting in the description field, correct? I'm assuming
captions aren't as important? To be honest, the biggest thing that
Google likes is new, original content. That's what they care about the
most :) Yes - I do keep that up. I just want to make sure some of my
older material is still found in searches. (I have one in particular
that is very popular despite its age as it is searched for a lot.) In
the past I've been linking SoundCloud to my posts/portfolio projects but
just discovered yesterday that I can upload my own audio with the plan I
have. (duh) So I want to give myself a bit more edge with those
descriptions. Thanks for the link. I will be sure to check out that
document to make sure I'm maximizing everything I can. Do you mind if I
ask one more question? Those articles I sent you will shed a lot of
light on WordPress and SEO! The player for the audio playlist can be
changed from a light skin to a dark skin in the shortcode. Is that
possible to do with just one audio track without CSS? There's no mention
of it on the \Upload Audio to Your Site\ help page and I wondered if it
was possible. I routinely work in the HTML editor so if something needs
to be done there to make it happen - I'm good with that. To be perfectly
honest. I don't know :-) Let me do some more digging ! Thank you. The
skin on a single track looks really dark to me and I wondered if I could
make it lighter. Do you mind If I follow up with you via email (in the
next few hours) I want to do some testing and see what I can come up
with :) That's fine. I'm in no hurry at all. :) Thanks oodles for your
help! Thanks a lot! You'll be hearing from me soon! Great! Thank you!
adjust how my website shows up on google search Do you mean how to set
up the SEO tools? hi! I just made my website public since i plan on
launching today. No, when I put \Palinkopress\ in google search, I want
my website to pop up, looking a particular way. Oh, that's what the SEO
tools does :) O, how do I make it appear as: Palinko Press (1st line)
But before we go through them, it would be important if you understood
how Search Engines work I'm sending you the support page that explains
it further and I'll give you a brief explanation as
well:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ Basically,
WordPress will tell search mechanisms that your site exists and will
tell it whenever you update it, but we don't control when it'll appear
in the searches results It may take weeks for the Search engines to
index you site but usually they provide a tool to help make this process
faster For example, Google tool is here: Right, ok, I understand that it
may take a while since I just made it public. I just want to make sure
that I set things up properly so when people do search for my site, that
it pops up under results looking a particular way ok I guess first
question: is my web address http://palinkopress.com or
www.palinkopress.com? Ok, great, just to conclude the explanation, these
tools provided by them will require you to verify your site. They will
provide you a code that you need to your site here: So to your question:
both, but we force the www version to redirect to the main one without
the www ok, so if you were to search 'palinkopress' under google, how
can i make it display as: title: \Palinko Press\; web address:
'www.palinkopress.com'? with short description: 'Featured Publications
of Author Pauline Koh-Banerjee'. Does this make sense? sorry, web
address just: 'www.palinkopress.com' Sure, it does. You need to set the
site's title here: https://wordpress.com/settings/general/ and the
tagline as well ok last question. when you go to the Contact page, why
does it pre-fill with my username and email address? I don't want people
to know this info It will fill in with the information from the current
visitor of the site, that is who is viewing it. I see mine, but if the
person isn't logged to WordPress, they won't see any information there.
It's an auto-complete tool. So you don't need to worry about it. Other
visitors won't see your own information there, but theirs or none. ok
perfect. thanks goodbye I've had my site active for quite a long time
now but cannot find it on the web. When will it be live on sites such as
google? Good question - it can take up to 6 weeks for Google to begin
indexing your site. That's a very long time. Anything we can do to speed
it up. You could index your site with Google to let them know you're
here. It will help give some more informed data to your stats as well :)
Would you like to walk through it now? okay. Open this link in a new
tab: https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/home?hl=en When i did that
it comes up to my google accounts Select one of the accounts, and then a
page should appear that has an \Add a property\ button. okay ..got it
Lovely. There, type in your domain and proceed. When it asks you to add
an HTML file, select the Alternate methods tab, and click on the HTML
tag button. Let me now when you've gotten that far. okay I'm there
Great. Copy the code that the HTML Tag option provides. Once it's
copied, let's go here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/viennunionhall.com On this page,
scroll down to where you see the word Google with a blank field next to
it. Paste that code into the field, and save your changes. Once you do,
return to the Google Console and click verify. While we can't control
when Google begins to index and display your site, this makes sure they
know you're here and ready for them. okay ..where do I save the changes.
I don't see that right off Never mind I found it Hooray! You're speedy.
All set then. Thanks again. You're so welcome. Chat whenever you have a
question. How do I end up at the top of Google searches? Also I upgraded
the account so I can upload video and I can't seem to do that. But I
don't care about that Today There are a lot of options to improve your
ranking in Google search results, but it is an art form and there's not
one sure way to end up at the top. There are plenty of folks vying for
those top spots. This blog post has a lot of ideas about how you can
start working on your SEO, or search engine optimization, to try to make
that climb to the top. Hello, \n\nI made this website 2 days ago but I
can't see the site in Google. Do you know what I can do about it?
\n\nBR, Tije that's normal for a new site because Google deals with so
many sites, it can take 4-6 weeks or longer to index a new site das mehr
menschen meine seite besuchen das wuerde mich freuen liebe gruesse an
euch jasmin damaro Are you asking about increasing your traffic? we
offer some tips here, if you like:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ Hello,
I'm writing because even after 9 years of writing beautiful, thoughtful
pieces, my site traffic sucks. I've recently spent significant time
including excerpt and SEO descriptions, without seeing a traffic bump.
Do you have additional advice to help me improve my site traffic? Is
there a way to make the site seem less like a \Wordpress site\, and more
like a great design site? Thank you! I'll take a look thanks! I'm
fortunate to be featured on Wordpress Discover, but I still have lousy
traffic. One thing I'm thinking is that it might be good to find a theme
that can feature more of these images on the home page, and then maybe
put some of the sidebar widgets in the footer. It looks like you're
already sharing on social media, so there's not much more you can do
with that, unless you try to periodically re-post older articles on
social media Do you use Instagram? Hi there, thanks for that. I'll look
into the new theme idea. I do use Instagram, I should increase my use.
One thing that I think some people find effective is to post the
featured image from the latest post on Instagram and then give the title
of the post and say \link in profile\, reminding people to find their
website through the link at the top of your profile (don't put the post
link in the post itself because it doesn't work well) That's a very good
idea, thank you! At a glance, do you think the site looks good? I've
been posting for nearly 9 years. Thank you again. Yes, the images are
beautiful and I like the simple white background. As I say, I think it
would look good to get a theme that is similar to what you have, but
shows more posts on the home page with just the featured image and a
little bit of the post so people don't have to scroll so much to find
what they're interested in. excellent, thank you again. I'll follow your
advice. And editing each post with the \Read More\ feature isn't as
preferred? I know that can cut off some of the images until you click.
You can use the More Tag, that's fine too. Hi, My site is blocked. I
have verified my email address and is still not working! Please have a
look. Thanks!\n Looking What do you mean by blocked? What actions are
you unable to do? My wordpress account says! verify your email address
and I have already verified it but still my site doesnt show up when I
google it This is the error message I ma getting \The webpage at
https://devajitbhuyan.com/?iframe=true_preview=true=e9d2eb8ed6=0 might
be temporarily down or it may have moved permanently to a new web
address. Can you help please I'm looking into it. I can't see anything
wrong with your account. It is all verified and is available to Google.
Google is listing only one page from your site Can you please try
verifying your site in Google Search Console? I think just doing that
should kick start your site in Google, but it will also let us know if
there are any errors with Google searching the site. The instructions
for setting that up are here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ all done Thanks. It may
take a little while to get some data, so I would recommend checking
again tomorrow to see if Google is showing more of your site and whether
Search Console shows any errors. sure thanks :) Hello,\nI would like to
have my blo in english and in french, so I choose the choice with 2
blogs, but before I am asking if I have to pay twice the Silvio Theme
and to pay twice the prinium program. Can you help ?\nThank you Hi !
Hello, I would like to have my blo in english and in french, so I choose
the choice with 2 blogs, but before I am asking if I have to pay twice
the Silvio Theme and to pay twice the prinium program. Can you help ?
Thank you Since you are using two websites to do that, it will be
necessary to by the Premium theme and the theme for the other website as
well if you want to have the same features If you don't want to buy the
Premium plan to the other website, it would be better to use the options
one or two from this guide
https://en.support.wordpress.com/set-up-a-multilingual-blog/ Yes, I
understand. But for the natural SEO, which one is the best ? Option 2.
This way you can use only one website Option 2 is good for natural SEO,
you're sure ? Yes. This way you can point all your content to only one
website Ok, thank you very much for your help ! By Hi! \nI Have a
question..\nWhen I type in \stibegro\ in google, I see that after
\stibegro\ it says \stibegro-kleine kraanwerken\.. I would like to know
how i change that into \Stibegro- grond- en afbraakwerken\ when people
type our name in google. Can you help me with that? Hhm, let me see if
that's possible OK so to change that you'll want to go to My Site >
Customize > Site Identity Note though that it will take several days for
Google to pick up the changes So the update won't be immediate. ah ok, I
already did that bit i didn't know it took a few days to change It will
:) thanks! Let me know if you have other questions! Goodmorning I have a
problem. i had a wordpress plan premiun for www.daichepartiamo.com\nI
move the blog on netsons, an external hosting... \nI discover now that
there is on line this web site ww.daichepartiamo.wordpress.com with all
my old post.\nwhy???\nis there a conflict with google search in that
case? I would actually recommend deleting that site. It won't affect
Google, but you might as well get rid of it, if you are no longer using
it do you suggest to delete ww.daichepartiamo.wordpress.com ? how can I
do this? The site http://www.daichepartiamo.com/ is completely separate
from the daichepartiamo.wordpress.com site now So if you want to delete
the one here, I can remove the Premium Plan from it and then you can
delete it OR you can set it to private right now so that it does not
show anywhere for the moment if you set it private is better... so I can
ask the boy who move my blog outside wordpress what is better to do...
Sure! that sounds good... I can do that for you. One moment please Ok!
your site here is now set to private. So visitors will see a login
screen only. If you want to change that back, you can come back and let
us know ok thank do you assure me that google is not influenced by this
site? Yes. This is a completely different domain name. So it will not be
connected to the other one ok so SEO is not influenced? Google will
index both sites individually because they are not connected I don't
undestand...:-( Google crawls sites looking for content. And then
indexes them into their huge search database. So when a user does a
search for something, Google accesses the database of stored sites that
it has indexed. These two sites are separate. So Google will index them
separately. And they will not affect each other thank you! you too! hi\n
Hi there! What can I help you with today? maybe you would be able to
help i notice my url address has no www. how do i add www. on my
websitename One moment, please! because if i make a search of my website
on google, it does not appear it not searchable Did you submit a version
of the site to Google with the www? can you explain more SEO takes quite
a while to kick in, so you won't see your site show up in Google
immediately. WordPress.com does a good job of managing the site's SEO,
but a big part of whether Google will pick up your site or not depends
on your content. You can read more about SEO for your site here
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ is there
any setting that i have to make You should be good to go, just need to
follow those guides, make sure you have lots of good content, and know
that it will take time :) As for your site having the www.... Hey there!
I see that you've dropped out of the chat, if you have any further
questions, feel free to open up a new one! how to i update my seo on my
site Hey there! With a Business Plan you can edit things like meta
descriptions. Without that, though, the best practice you can do is to
make sure your content is good. Here are a couple more guides that might
help:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
how do i upload html variefication file on my website What is it that
you are trying to do? i m in google search console One moment, please
try to varify my website on google console Right, you won't be able to
upload an html file, is there an option to edit your MX records? how do
i do it Do you see the instructions from Google? Your MX records can be
edited through your WordPress.com admin > site > domains > select your
domain > DNS and Nameservers they told me to Verify your ownership of
http://www.allteramassage.nl/. Learn more.\nRecommended method Alternate
methods\nRecommended: HTML file upload\nUpload an HTML file to your
site.\n1. Download this HTML verification file.
[google9281a1c5e40ef900.html]\n2. Upload the file to
http://www.allteramassage.nl/\n3. Confirm successful upload by visiting
http://www.allteramassage.nl/google9281a1c5e40ef900.html in your
browser.\n4. Click Verify below.\nTo stay verified, don't remove the
HTML file, even after verification succeeds. Does anything else show up
under Alternate Methods? can you advice me the steps You won't be able
to do those steps and upload the HTML file What do the Alternate Methods
show? Verify your ownership of http://www.allteramassage.nl/. Learn
more.\nRecommended method Alternate methods\n \nHTML tag\nAdd a meta tag
to your site's home page. \nDomain name provider\nSign in to your domain
name provider. \nGoogle Analytics\nUse your Google Analytics account.
\nGoogle Tag Manager\nUse your Google Tag Manager account. Hm..one
moment, please, I'll take a look Ah, here we go, here's a guide on
connecting your site with Webmaster Tools
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ let me read the link
Sounds good! I have to go blog setting Yes, are you following on in that
guide? It should walk you through the steps wherehe is the blog setting
is it in wordpress Yes, you'll need to log in to your WordPress.com
account, select sites, and then there should be an option for settings
in the menu :) i can not find it i am log in Okay, do you see sites in
the top left? i see alltera massage with a earth sign One moment please,
I'll take a look at what you're seeing :) above that is my site or read
great you can see what i am doing No, but I can walk through it myself
:) Okay, so if you go to WordPress.com since you're logged in, you
should see your \Reader\ In the top left do you see My Sites ? i click
on reader, what should i do next Click My Sites, then you should see
settings on the menu near the bottom on the side of the screen. Do you
see that? yesyes i am in. what is next step sorry internet is slow here
No worries! Are you following along with the guide here?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ It should walk you
through the steps :) Are you on the traffic tab? where is the traffic
tab Are you on the settings page? i am at the site profile Does your
screen look like this? https://cloudup.com/ci2ONEaS1Vq i pasted it
That's great! That should verify your site so you can use the Webmaster
tools It'll give you extra stats on how people are finding your site,
and using that information you can write your content to make sure they
stay on your site once they get there :) great i done it Fantastic!
where do i write my content i saw on my setting profile page Have you
seen the guides here on getting started?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/start/ They'll walk you through posts
and pages As well as other settings for your site my websiteadress is
allteramassage.nl but can i add www. Using www is an old way and isn't
needed anymore, so WordPress.com doesn't use it. It won't affect your
SEO rankings at all. ok i understand you are super great. thank you so
much for your help. i wish you a great day. with lots of love and
kisses! bye! Haha, no worries at all, my pleasure! You have a great day
too, and feel free to open up a new live chat if anything else comes up!
I have recently bought you basic plan and a third party domain name. I
want to know whether I need to change my address in google webmaster. My
new url doesn't seem to pop up in the google search. My new alexa
ranking is so so bad. How can I tell the search engines that my new one
is the same site just a different name.\nPlease help! All my hard work
is getting ruined :( :( OK so I see your domain is configured like it
should. As for Google and your ranking, you changed site so it's normal
that you are impacted the time Google picks up the changes Do I need to
make any changes in the google webmaster? Not really, it will pick up
your changes on its own. You can submit a new sitemap:
https://msmeehnia.com/sitemap.xml But this impact is huge!! I can't see
my site in the search engines yes I did that how long does it take
google to figure this out? That's normal It can take weeks As in how
many days is normal? weeks? Around how many? That's not something we
know You can ask Google Haha You understand that these are 2 different
services? Absolutely WordPress.com is not in charge of ranking its users
sites on search engines but you do deal in this and certainly have more
knowledge than me so I thought why not asl ask One last question If I
plan on moving to a web host keep the same domain name, will this again
affect my ranking? Yes. Ranking isn't based on the address, it's based
on the content of the site. So whenever you change site (hosting), the
content changes and search engines have to do their work again to crawl
your new site in Settings -> Traffic, you have Site Verification
Services This helps Google (and the other services) to find you more
easily do I need to add site with new url again and add its meta here or
the old one will work just fine? You can keep the same site in Google
Search Console, but you'll want to add the meta code here, yes the meta
code for msmeehnia.wordpress.com is already there in place now do I need
to do the same procedure again and remove the current meta and replace
it with new meta? Let me check what you have added Its the new one as of
now I think OK so that looks good to me - that code is associated to
your msmeehnia.com domain in Google Search Console? I think but I have
added that as a new site because change address did not work New site is
OK. You added msmeehnia.com, right? Not msmeehnia.WordPress.com in
Google Search Console as a new site? ok good You're all set, it's just a
matter of time I was wondering if there was a way to tell google that it
is not a new site just the old one I don't think that's possible
registering it as a new site obviously means that all my past hard one
has just blown away :( ahh thank you so much for the help True,
unfortunately that's how it is when changing hosting I did not change my
host it is the same it is just the address that has changed What was
your old address? msmeehnia.wordpress.com and the new one is
msmeehnia.com Hhm, I'm afraid any solution to help with that, you'll
just want to wait. It will pick it up at some point But search engines
are slow for that, so don't expect it to be back to normal for a couple
of weeks. thank you once again :) Hi, I am wondering why when you type
my name into google search engine my website dosnt instantly show up, eg
becky jellie, yet another becky jellie with a different last name turns
up? I'll be happy to take a look. So to clarify, you're typing which
search term into Google? becky jellie or rebecca jellie I might b a bit
confused , i am new at this Okay thanks for that. Running some tests
right now WordPress.com blogs and websites are very search friendly by
default. The best advice we can give you about getting listed in search
engines is to write good content and descriptive titles for images. I'd
recommend reading this article on SEO, which has some great action
areas:\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Configurar Google Analytics en mi página así como ajustar el \Search
Console\. \nEn la sección de estadísticas, los \términos de búsqueda\ no
hay información al respecto.\nPor otro lado la versión Mobil de mi
página esta incompleta (las categorías no se despliegan en el menú.
Buenas! Esto es para ants-mx.org cierto? Que tal Buenas! Así es, tengo
reunión con Brezo a dentro de 15 min Agende la reunión pero no se si
este es el medio por el cual estaré en contacto con Brezo Que bueno!
Brezo es una de nuestras mejores Happiness Engineers :) No han arreglado
el medio por el cual van a encontrarse? Pues recibí un correo con
instrucciones En el cual me indica: al momento de la \reunión\ navega a
https://wordpress.com/help/contact. y pregunte por Brezo Perfecto! Voy a
transferirte a Brezo entonces :) Gracias Que tengas una provechosa
reunión! Por cierto el idioma que se va a manjar? Soy Brezo :) Podemos
hablar español Qué tal Brezo Muy bien Miguwl! Ups escribí mal mi nombre
je ah perdona! Cómo se escribe? soy Miguel Hola Miguel :D No, no lo
escribiste mal tu, sino yo al darme de alta ups :P Soy flexible para los
30 minutes que tenemos, dime 2-3 cosas que te gustaría que viésemos Sí,
estoy tratando de configurar la parte de Google Analytics no se si lo
hice bien Ya gener el ID en Google analytics y lo adjunte a la parte de
WordPress donde hacen mención de dicho dato pero no se si eso es todo y
cómo se que lo hice bien Eso es todo, seguiste las instrucciones aquí?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-analytics/ Voy a comprobar tu
código Sí segui esas instrucciones Esta perfecto! Buen trabajo :)
Gracias, Entonces, pasando a otro punto, al estar haciendo la
\sincronización\ con Google analytics, encuentro que hay una sección de
\Ajustar Search Console\ Si, y veo que no lo tienes configurado Exacto
Es interesante hacerlo para SEO Esa parte no lo logre podrías apoyarme?
Si, vamos a hacerlo! Te pongo este enlace para referencia:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Lo primero es entrar
en la consola con tu cuenta de Google: http://g.co/SearchConsole y pones
el dominio de tu sitio con https:// https://ants-mx.org/ Ok, listo listo
Genial! ahora hay que hacer clic en el botón :Add property Hay forma de
enviarte imágenes de pantalla? Puedes subirlas a tu sitio aquí:
https://antsmxorg.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php Ok, gracias acabo de
subir la imagen con esa parte de hecho ya lo tenía Gracias! Voy a mirar
Muy bien, ahora dale al botón rojo 'Add property' Listo y eliges la
opción 'alternate methods' y seleccionas HTML tag Pues que crees, que
dicha opción no se despliega te compartí una imagen de pantalla voy a
mirar ya esta en la parte de adminsitrar ah, lo veo, en vez de dar a
'Add property', haz clic en 'Manage property' al lado de tu dominio
creo, subi otra imagen Diste a manage property? voy Y das a 'verify this
property' mande? Añadió otros imagen Dime si lo ves Nop Vale, te parece
bien si la borramos y la añades de nuevo? lo elimine Gracias! Soy todo
ojos :D Ahora puedes hacer clic en Add property Pones tu dominio y dime
si ves la pantalla para verificar Pues comparto imagen de pantalla Si,
dale a 'Add' Ok listo Ya esta los métodos de verificación Ahora ves las
opciones de verificación? sip genial! tienes que buscar alternate
methods HTML tag Nop :( compartí image Gracias! mirando De acuerdo, es
el tercer método, HTML tag y ahora verás un código para copiar que se
parece a esto: Copia tu código entero y se pega en My Site -> Settings
-> Traffic Donde tienes Site Verification Services, en el campo para
Google Ya esta guardado Perfecto! Le diste a 'save settings' ? Ya esta
Pues ya está! ya tienes la consola conectada ya esta Si quieres, ya que
estamos en Settings -> Traffic podemos ver los parámetros SEO Esto me
ayuda para que me encuentren en google? si por favor Si, no es necesario
conectar la consola pero te ayuda te sigo Te recomiendo que completes el
campo Front Page Meta Description con una descripción de tu sitio Se
utilizará en los motores de búsqueda y cuando compartas tu dominio en
las redes sociales como Facebook Tiene un máximo de 160 palabras porque
si no, se corta. Esa parte esta en general? Si, se usa para la página de
portada, luego vemos como se hace para páginas/entradas específicas
Comparto imagen ah, dale a Traffic Es aquí: http://cld.wthms.co/1CPU
Dime si lo ves :) Listo ya lo guarde Perfecto! Vamos a ver cómo lo haces
para una entrada específica, si te parece bien mmm, meno si prefieres
ver otra cosa, yo te sigo! es tu sesión no, es mejor terminar esto
considero que tienes mayor experiencia en esto y te sigo Es como tu
quieras, si tienes otras preguntas, tenemos un curso grabado para
business users, de 60 minutos que explica como optimizar tu sitio para
los motores de búsqueda Lo puedes ver aquí:
https://wordpress.com/help/courses no, dime por favor lo de la entrada
De acuerdo! Si editas una de tus entradas, desde My Sitio -> Entradas
(My Site -> Posts) a la derecha, en el editor, verás una sección SEO en
este campo, puedes poner una descripción de tu entrada orientada a los
motores de búsqueda Me puedes dar un ejemplo para que me quede claro?
Si, te mando una captura de pantalla: http://cld.wthms.co/crAS Es lo que
aparecerá en Google debajo del enlace a tu entrada ooo Es interesante
rellenarlo porque puedes resumir el contenido de tu entrada pensando en
cómo quieres que te encuentren en Google Otra cosa que es importantes
para SEO son los títulos Usas un título descriptivo que represente tu
artículo te ayudará también Ups, voy de nuez Pero no te preocupes, que
todo esto esta muy bien explicado en el curso y lo puedes hacer
tranquilamente! Y si tienes alguna duda, abres un chat y cualquiera de
los Happiness Engineers te ayudamos Por cierto el chat se guarda y lo
puedo consultar después? Estamos llegando al final de la sesión, la
recibirás en tu email :) Te gustaría ver algo más para terminar? último
si la configuración para mobil sólo están las páginas se puede
configurar para que mis categorías también aparezcan? Veo que tienes el
tema móvil por defecto en tu sitio pero tu tema Penscratch 2 tiene
versión móvil. Te parece bien si lo cambiamos? Ok, por favor Muy bien!
Si vas aquí:
https://antsmxorg.wordpress.com/wp-admin/themes.php?page=mobile-options
Selecciona Enable mobile theme, 'No' Eso hará que se use tu tema en vez
del tema móvil por defecto Y le das al botón 'Update' hay tiempo para
ver lo de una tienda virtual? o algún video demo que me sugieras? Vamos
a verlo rápido EEEE Dime En WordPress.com no tenemos por ahora un
servicio de tienda online, tenemos la posibilidad de poner botones
PayPal. https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/ Ok, Si quieres vender
algunos productos de forma sencilla podría ser suficiente Es la parte
donde le pido a PayPal el botón y lo pego en WordPress? Eso es Y si son
varios productos? Puedes crear un botón por producto asi como enlaces a
Amazon Hay forma de que al concluir la transacción con PayPal, le mande
correo o lo mande a alguna pantalla agradeciendo la compra? Un mensaje
de agradecimiento al comprador Creo que no puedes personalizar el
mensaje pero puedes redireccionar a una página y podrías poner el
agradecimiento, dame un momento que busco en PayPal Hay una opción que
se llama Auto return, y se puede poner una URL, puedes crear una página
en tu sitio con un mensaje de agradecimiento y la pones en PayPal, en la
dirección de Auto Return ok gracias pues creo que me he excedido del
tiempo No pasa nada! Lo importante es que haya sido útil :) Por mucho,
una última duda, Brezo es tu nombre o tu apellido? Sólo por saber Es mi
nombre, el Brezo es una flor en España :D Ok, mil gracias Brezo, ha sido
un placer platicar con tigo Igualmente Miguel! Bonita semana Ciao Y
recuerda que si necesitas ayuda nos encuentras en el chat :D Bonita
semana para ti también Hello, I have a question regarding the ranking of
my blog. It's been a few month now it's online but when I search for the
exact address in google : blog.scoutter.com, it comes up 4th. And when I
just search for \scoutter\, it doesn't comes up at all.. I have created
several website and it's the first it take that long. Is everything fine
in my set up ? What is the usual delay for a wordpress blog to the
ranked on it's name ? What could I improve ? \nThanks for you help As
you know from creating several sites, Google is always changing how it
ranks websites. Their algorithm is constantly being adapted so that
folks searching can find the best content. When I search specifically
for blog.scoutter.com, I do see that coming up third, after scoutter.com
and scoutter.com/en. Mostly, getting rank in Google is about creating
the best content you can, and sharing it so folks are reading it and
linking to it more. However, if you'd like to learn more about things
you can do to help your ranking, I'd recommend this article:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ In
addition, this one talks about how to write for search:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Let us know if you have any questions, or we can help with anything
else. Inquiry from Celebrity Hair Stylist Billy Lowe; Beverly Hills,
CA\n\nHello Wordpress - My name is Billy Lowe and I work as a celebrity
hair stylist and on-air personality for TV shows, news segments, etc. I
have a hair care line GLOSS which people LOVE and while I don't have a
LOT of time on my hands, I attempted to start a wordpress blog a coup;le
of years ago but was so busy - now I realize I HAVE to carve out time
for this. \n\nMY SEO team has said my blog post titles are automatically
H1 and this is bad for google and SEO. Obviously wordpress programed it
to be this way. Can you please write me back and discuss? Or have
someone call me?\n\nBilly
Lowe\nglossandtossblog.com\n\nbillylowe310@aol.com\n310-430-4045 Hi
Billy! :) Give me a moment to read over that and I'll be right with you.
:) H1 tags are used appropriately throughout all of our themes. It's
worth noting that multiple H1 tags don't have a negative impact on SEO,
though there was a point when they did which is perhaps why your team
mentioned it to you. You can see a good tutorial from Google Webmasters
that goes into more details on this here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIn5qJKU8VM Thanks so much - look at my
blog if you can - the good news is that it's still so new (and empty)
that it won't take much correcting. is there perhaps another \pretty\
theme that might match my brand? you can see us online at
www.glossandtoss.net And if you can just give me the \chill out\ message
so I can tell this SEO team that Wordpress said it's totally fine as is
- Is glossandtoss.com the theme you're working on today or are you
building a new site at glossandtoss.net? incidentally this video came
right up last night when I was s4arching for this, maybe i should
minimize how many blog posts are on each page as well The number of blog
posts on your home page won't negatively impact SEO. You could, however,
create excerpts rather than displaying the full content of each blog
post on the home page. That would mean that visitors have to click a
\read more\ link to read the full content. Yes I'm trying to set those
up now - should be set up take a look if you can -
www.glossandtossblog.com Ah yes! I can see you've set up excerpts
correctly. :) Let me take a look at some suggestions of themes for you
too. Baskerville is a really nice theme that fits in well with the
overall design of your main site (it's minimal, three-columns, and makes
good use of featured images): https://baskerville2demo.wordpress.com/
Dara is another theme that may suit your needs well:
https://darademo.wordpress.com/ If you're after something a bit
different then Dyad is popular: https://dyad2demo.wordpress.com/ Theme
choice is very much down to personal preference and, so, I'd also
encourage you to have a browse through our repository here:
http://wordpress.com/themes You can use the filters at the top to narrow
them down by certain criteria. So pretty and thanks so much - so I'm OK
to leave blog post titles alone? ;-) If you an please email this to me
so I have it. I'm exhausted. 2AM - wow you work late - where are you
guys based? Ah OK! I'll send you an email with some more details on SEO.
I'm in the UK and it's 10am here. We're based all over the world though,
so are available to you 24 hours. PS Can I preview Baskerville and not
lose links and content? yikes, thanks for this help, Yes, you can
preview without losing links/content. If you navigate to My Site in the
top left of WordPress.com then choose Themes from the sidebar, you can
search for themes and choose the option to Preview:
https://wordpress.com/design/glossandtossblog.com A copy of this
transcript will be emailed out to you after we're done chatting and I'll
also send an email out to you. Thanks - billylowe310@aol.com - I'm off
to bed - so glad \as is\ will be just fine, :) Hope you get some good
rest! You know where to find us if anything else comes up too. very good
- email didn't come through from u guys - billylowe310@aol.com thanks
for everything - those other formats are super cute, night The chat is
still open at the moment, which is why the transcript hasn't been sent
through. I'll end it now and send out the email with more SEO
information shortly. :) Night! thanks = night Hi I'm confused of why
we're not showing up on Google. We're currently on the second page and
the description of the website says this \A description for this result
is not available because of this site's robots.txt\ I'll take a look
over ramblefilm.co.uk now, bear with me. How long ago did you map
ramblefilm.co.uk to WordPress.com? A while ago, we were private up until
friday when we went live Ah I see! I can see you changed your blog
privacy from private to public three days ago. It can take Google some
time to discover new information about a site. You can, however, submit
your site to them via Google Search Console. This can speed up the
process at which they discover new information about your site. We have
steps to connect your site up to Google Search Console here: Yeah i did
that yesterday but it's still not got any data on google console. Just
says no data available. Is it just still working it's way through it?
Everything looks correct with your site and, so, I'd put this down to
Google taking some time to update. OK no worries. Thanks for your help
If you've already submitted your site via Google Search Console then
you've done everything you can to help nudge the process along. You're
welcome! Please do let us know if extra questions come up too. Hi- \n\nI
contacted Wordpress over the weekend after I completed a Bing SEO
analyzer and came back with some errors. Right now am trying to address
the 'multiple 'h1' tags' on each page, since the report says that's the
most problematic. Over the weekend the WP rep let me know that it didn't
look like the tags were a problem. \n\nThat said, my ranking is getting
really low. It used to be on the 1st page or on the first part of the
2nd on many searches. Since I moved over to WP.com from .org and started
doing my own SEO it's either gone or on the 3rd + page on the same
searches. I want to make sure everything is on point! \n\nI went back to
the Bing SEO analyzer and looked at the page source of one of the
identified sites- it does show a lot of h1s.....not sure if this is an
issue or not? I'd love for someone to look at it again. Thanks I'll take
a look at your site Super- thanks. Right now I'm looking at this:
https://therapyinsd.com/about-2/about__trashed/adolescent-psychotherapy/
So far, I only see one H1 tag on that page. Is that the page with
multiple H1 tags? Just disconnected myself from a chat- can I get back
on?\n we're reconnected So far, I only see one H1 tag on that page. Is
that the page with multiple H1 tags?\n4:51pmSent by you Hi! Yes, it is
one of the 5. This is the 'page attributes' they say have the h1s in
them: \n \n\n\n\n \n Skip to content\n\n \n

Karen Kerschmann, LCSW

\n

Providing Cognitive Therapy and Clinical Hypnosis in San Diego

\n \n\n \n Menu\n

Home\n
Specialties\n
Clinical Supervision for Interns: LCSW- MFT- LPCC\n
About\n
New Client Information\n
Topics in Mental Health\n
Contact\n

\n \n\n \n\n \n \n \n \n (image) \n \n\n \n \n \n \n \n\n \n \n\n\n \n

Coaching for Parents

\n \n\n \n

Cognitive Behavioral Therapy | Parent Coaching | Hypnosis | Clinical
Supervision

\n

Teens feel a tremendous sense of pressure, and parents don’t always have
the tools to handle new situations that arise with adolescence. When
your child is struggling to deal with complicated issues or emotions, it
can make us feel helpless and often scared for their well-being. Many
parents are relieved to learn that their influence over their teen
remains powerful, and that positive changes can be made.\n

It can be hard to reach out when things get tough, especially when you
hear terms like Oppositional Defiant Disorder, ADD/ADHD and Conduct
Disorder. I focus on creating a non-judgmental and supportive
environment for parents so we can partner together for positive change.
Using protocols formalized by Alan Kazdin and Systematic Training for
Effective Parenting, we create a solution-focused plan to help everyone
successfully navigate the teen years.\n

To schedule a complimentary 15-20 minute consultation, please complete
the form below:\n\n\n\n\n Name(required)\n \n \n\n\n Email(required)\n
\n \n\n\n Phone Number\n \n \n\n\n Comment(required)\n \n \n

\n \n \n \n \n\n\n \n \n \n\n\n \n \n \n \n\n \n\n\n var _gaq = _gaq ||
[];\n _gaq.push(['_setAccount',
'UA-36373929-2']);\n_gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);\n\n (function() {\n
var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript';
ga.async = true;\n ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ?
'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';\n var s =
document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];
s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);\n })();\n \n\n \n\n \n\n \n 525 B
Street \n
Suite 1500\n
San Diego, CA 92101619-889-0662Monday to Friday - By Appointment \n \n
\n \n \n Follow Karen Kerschmann, LCSW on WordPress.com\n
(function(d){var f = d.getElementsByTagName('SCRIPT')[0], p =
d.createElement('SCRIPT');p.type = 'text/javascript';p.async =
true;p.src =
'//widgets.wp.com/platform.js';f.parentNode.insertBefore(p,f);}(document));\n\n

Recent Posts

\n
\n The Remarkable Connection Between Happiness and Productivity\n \n
\n Two Simple Approaches to Get Out of the Power Struggle with your Teen\n
\n
\n Staying Grounded During Uncertain Times\n \n
\n FAQs:Receiving Clinical Supervision Online\n \n
\n Frequently Asked Questions about CBT\n \n

\n \n \n\n \n

Facebook\n
Twitter\n
LinkedIn\n
Pinterest\n
Google+\n
Topics in Mental Health\n

\n \n Blog at WordPress.com.\n \n \n \n\n\n\n\n\n/* */\n\n\n\n \n
//initialize and attach hovercards to all gravatars\n jQuery( document
).ready( function( $ ) {\n\n if (typeof Gravatar === \undefined\){\n
return;\n }\n\n if ( typeof Gravatar.init !== \function\ ) {\n return;\n
} \n\n Gravatar.profile_cb = function( hash, id ) {\n
WPGroHo.syncProfileData( hash, id );\n };\n Gravatar.my_hash =
WPGroHo.my_hash;\n Gravatar.init( 'body', '#wp-admin-bar-my-account'
);\n });\n \n\n \n \n\n\n/* */\n\n\n/* */\n\n\n\n// \n \n var _comscore
= _comscore || [];\n _comscore.push({\n c1: \2\,\n c2: \7518284\\n });\n
(function() {\n var s = document.createElement(\script\),\n el =
document.getElementsByTagName(\script\)[0];\n s.defer = true;\n s.src =
(document.location.protocol == \https:\ ? \https://sb\ : \http://b\) +
\.scorecardresearch.com/beacon.js\;\n el.parentNode.insertBefore(s,
el);\n })();\n \n \n

(image)\n \n\n_tkq = window._tkq || [];\n_stq = window._stq ||
[];\n_tkq.push(['storeContext',
{'blog_id':'108820960','blog_tz':'-7','user_lang':'en','blog_lang':'en','user_id':'0'}]);\n_stq.push(['view',
{'blog':'108820960','v':'wpcom','tz':'-7','user_id':'0','post':'66','subd':'therapyinsdcom'}]);\n_stq.push(['extra',
{'crypt':'UE40eW5QN0p8M2Y/RE1LVmwrVi5vQS5fVFtfdHBbPyw1VXIrU3hWLHhmcmw0bWUwNis5Vk1qSEpzeXBoR2E/dmFIcl9HLjd1TGgrJm9kalImVUZGNEZjYjVlR1gseHYlYnEsSVozMEwmOFpJOVd6bnU3LXpYdjI0aDZ+aitEYjMxVXdmMUNUSFstWnZHRnVkZWNMPVI1NzlGSGFJNW4wSH4maHxqY1NDZkZnQi9nSitvcDQ3bXVoVnYvNDRVOEYrbHdIaEFlfj0vfk9FcUtKN3BNXXk4XzJKNkJHRD9qRkQxXzZDXVlLRUJdRTdYWmQxOFRdYVduRXNnP1RhRVpHdGc9V1BhdFJyeXxHVD9uYy04cz91RTJhREVzNGZpW1ZURGhaQzF4UzJHXUpZbl1pd2RVP3J4WGFJL04uK2NKdlYlRkw='}]);\n_stq.push([
'clickTrackerInit', '108820960', '66' ]);\n \n(image)\n\nif ( 'object'
=== typeof wpcom_mobile_user_agent_info ) {\n\n
wpcom_mobile_user_agent_info.init();\n var mobileStatsQueryString =
\\;\n \n if( false !== wpcom_mobile_user_agent_info.matchedPlatformName
)\n mobileStatsQueryString += \_\ + 'mobile_platforms' + '=' +
wpcom_mobile_user_agent_info.matchedPlatformName;\n \n if( false !==
wpcom_mobile_user_agent_info.matchedUserAgentName )\n
mobileStatsQueryString += \_\ + 'mobile_devices' + '=' +
wpcom_mobile_user_agent_info.matchedUserAgentName;\n \n if(
wpcom_mobile_user_agent_info.isIPad() )\n mobileStatsQueryString += \_\
+ 'ipad_views' + '=' + 'views';\n\n if( \\ != mobileStatsQueryString )
{\n new Image().src = document.location.protocol +
'//pixel.wp.com/g.gif?v=wpcom-no-pv' + mobileStatsQueryString + '=' +
Math.random();\n }\n \n}\n\n\n Hi- are you there? Hmm. That doesn't look
like the base code for
https://therapyinsd.com/about-2/about__trashed/adolescent-psychotherapy/
Which page did you analyze with Bing? The link you just looked at Ah, I
see. That page does have two H1 tags. One is the site title and one is
the page title. Oops! I disconnected again. Sorry I was trying to send a
screenshot- guess that doesn't work :) There are two H1 tags on that
page. Well, I can fix one- on the script I sent you they have 7 One is
the Site Title and the other is the Page Title. But since they are in
separate sections of the site, that will not affect your SEO Hmm- OK I
searched the script too and only found two. Oh really? I did a find and
it came up with that many. Let me look through it again Yes, please let
me know if I missed any. I found these:

Coaching for Parents

Karen Kerschmann, LCSW

1- \n\n \n

Coaching for Parents

\n \n\n the one I sent has 2 in it 2&3: wf-active .jetpack-testimonial
.entry-title{font-family:\Quattrocento Sans\,sans-serif}.wf-active
.wp-caption-dd, .wf-active .wp-caption-text{font-family:\Quattrocento
Sans\,sans-serif}.wf-active h1, .wf-active h2, .wf-active h3, .wf-active
h4{font-family:\Quattrocento
Sans\,sans-serif;font-weight:400;font-style:normal}.wf-active
h1{font-style:normal;font-weight:400}.wf-active
h2{font-style:normal;font-weight:400}.wf-active
h3{font-style:normal;font-weight:400}.wf-active
h4{font-style:normal;font-weight:400}.wf-active h5, .wf-active
h6{font-weight:400;font-style:normal}.wf-active .wid Yes, each tag
always comes in pairs. One is the opening tag and the second is the
closing tag. Ah- OK. then the other one- \n

Coaching for Parents

\n For 2&3: That is the CSS code that styles the display of the text in
the H1 tags Oh- and one is the text from outside of the report. So there
are a total of 3? I think there's only two. I didn't see a third The CSS
one shouldn't count? No, that one won't count because it's not apart of
the page structure. I wonder what they are talking about? Have you heard
of this issue with anyone else? I haven't run across this particular
issue, but some similar issues. Those search engine tools can have
errors and many of the issues they flag are very minor in grand scheme
of SEO. OK- I'm nervous about this big drop in ranking- esp. because
I've started putting more content on my site in the last few months.
It's not a competitive market and some of the 1st page sites aren't even
marketing for clients. Yes, I understand how important the the rankings
are. For now, I recommend continuing to generate interesting and unique
content and then sharing it with your friends and colleagues Are there
any specific articles you would recommend I look at to ensure I'm on top
of any big problems? I'll keep blogging and building my base in the
meantime Yes, we have some good guide I'll send you a link Super- I'll
get on it. Thank you. We have an ebook on growing your traffic:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/postaday/ebook-grow-traffic/\n That's
the best place to start OK- I'll do that tonight. Thank you for your
help. Sounds good. If you have any other questions, please let us know.
I'm sure you guys will hear back from me- have a good evening! You too.
Bye! Hi, I'm just trying to improve my google search results. We're
currently being seen on the first page on google when you search Ramble
Film Co, But we want to be seen when you search Ramble Film Company as
well. Is there anything that I can do to push us higher in that search
result as well? The main thing I'd suggest is to include that exact
phrase in as many new posts as you can, or whenever you refresh your
site's content. That way, when Google comes along to crawl your site
every so often, it'll pick up on that phrase and you'll see it rise in
search results naturally over time! No problem at all, you're so
welcome! :) If you have any other questions at all, just head back and
let us know any time And have a great rest of the day! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhere
is the list of the meta keywords for this page? What content does the
title tag have?\ntag WYou don't have that option in your plan, that
option is only available for Business Plan. I'm not asking you to
optimize the page. I want to know what the search engine are seeing I'm
not trying to optimize the page for you, I'm saying that the meta
keywords aren't available so search engines aren't viewing any Which
means this page will not optimize correct? No, it means only this page
doesn't have the meta tags How do I modify the title tag? It isn't
required WordPress.com sites are already optimized for search engines
The meta tags are an extra feature that may be added or not. It''\rs a
refinement Aren't meta keywords one of the principal pieces of data
analyzed by search enginsin assigning page rank and No, they aren't. The
most important piece of dat is your content itself data If it's not
relevant then no matter how many meta tags you have added your post
won't rank good in search results The most important thing is content
Content is boiled down to keywords, correct. without meta keywords, how
does a search engine assign weight to content. Why would tour or
southport be given more weight than some common article or verb? I'm
sending you a support page so you can understand how search engines work
shttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ Oops, the link went
wrong sorry. I'm sending you again: I advise you to check it out. It
explains this subject in depth Just an answer to this last question. If
meta keywords are irrelevant, your description not mine, why would you
offer plans that included this feature? I didn't say they are irrelevant
I said they are a refinement they will help Search Engines even further
to index your site However, if your site's content isn't relevant, then
there's no meta tag that will help it rank good. That's why we offer
them as a feature of the Business Plan. It's like an extra layer of
things you can do to improve your site's relevance to search engines Can
I modify the title tag? Only when you have the Business Plan it's one of
the SEO tools I cant see my website on the internet? So lost in this
process\n Hi there! I’ll take a look :) When you visit
http://cluxtonfamilyshowcattle.com/ do you not see anything? yes I do,
if I search I dont find us, do i need to do something else? Ah, are you
referring to finding your site through a search engine like Google? I
wanted to look at it from that viewpoint Right! It can actually take
quite a while to appear on Google, a couple of months isn't uncommon.
WordPress.com does a good job of managing your SEO, but there are other
things you can do to help Google pick up your site -- in particular
making sure you have lots of good content. You can read more about SEO
on the pages linked here https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Were you
looking to view your site just as it shows on Google, or looking to view
the actual site when not logged in? Just view actual site, a friend says
its not found Yeah, it won't be found in Google yet, but you can
definitely give them the link and that should work! Sharing your site
link on social media like Facebook will also help spread your site. If
you log out of your account, or use a different web browser, then you'll
also get to see what the site looks like for someone else, and it all
appears to be working properly :) Hi there! Did that answer your
question? Have a great day, and feel free to open up a new chat if you
have any further questions! Hi, I recently upgraded to 'Personal'. The
background on the plan page mentions it includes Jetpack Essential
Features and states SEO. However, since upgrading, I haven't been able
to find this anywhere. Some of your other pages suggest it's not
available. Can you please clarify this? I'm very confused by this. I
have taken a screenshot which I'm happy to forward somewhere. Thanks in
advance. Elisabete Is anybody there? The Jetpack and the SEO options run
out of the box with no further configuration required. What do you mean
by out of the box? check your plugin settings here:
https://wordpress.com/plugins/elisabeteamaro.com Well, it says that SEO
tools are for business only This isn't clear at all when you purchase a
plan. I wanted the ability to customise my meta data. By saying SEO is
included, you are saying that that's on offer. So what aspects of SEO
are part of my plan? All sites has SEO options which runs automatically,
that is, your site gets indexed in Google and other search engines. The
Business SEO has different options which are not required in order for
your site to be indexed. Post and pages has the Excerpt functions, which
gets indexed. And all sites make use of a title and tagline as well,
just to mention some of the included features. That's really not what I
was expecting when I purchased this plan. Also, you can add descriptions
to images that works with SEO as well. Sure, I understand. My site
currently has a meta description that I am not happy with. And not
having the ability to change it is very frustrating as that's the first
thing most users will see when searching for it It currently reads:
Search for: Hello. Marketing professional. Wanderer, webaholic and
aspiring marketing ninja with an intrinsic enthusiasm for music,
writing, travelling and ... Do you have any suggestions? Or will it, in
the future, reflect the most recent post? That seems to be taken from a
widget description. I know You want to change this description ? I'd
like to have control over it, yes. Ok, click this link:
https://elisabeteamaro.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php then click
on Widgets -> Sidebar: Gravatar Hello and change this description from
there Also, you can change any other widget from this link I don't want
to change my Gravatar description. I want to change my meta description.
In the future, will the description reflect my most recent blog post?
your blog's site title and tagline will be used, and the search engine
will crawl the best matching text to fill a meta description If you add
an excerpt for a blog post, it will be used to crawl this post Hi, I was
just having a conversation with someone from your team and seem to have
lost connection for a minute there. \n\nI'd like to continue discussing
meta descriptions please. Thanks, Elisabete. Oh, it opened the same
chat. Hi, can you get my messages now? Sure Elisabete, I'm still here :)
Sorry, I think I messed something up here. I'm concerned about this. No
worries, I understand. I don't want a tagline on the blog as it doesn't
fit any of the themes I liked. I can't edit CSS which is fine, I was
aware of it when I purchased the Personal plan. However, it clearly says
SEO as part of the offer. I was expecting as a minimum to be able to
edit my meta descriptions as I wished Saying my blog will get indexed
doesn't really meet my expectations, especially when I could have done
this via search console myself. Do you understand my concern/confusion?
I totally understand your concern. Would you mind please to take a look
at this post whenever you have time?
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ I'll open
it now Thank you. It pretty much covers a lot of topics that you might
be interested in for more information. I just skim read the facts bit.
To be honest nothing really new to me there My concern is not about
search engines as such. It's about the humans that will get to my site
And their first impression on a result can be impacted by that meta
description I'm more than certain that Wordpress is great for SEO and
ranking highly, I've been using wordpress for years, just different
account. It's that first impact of seeing my blog on a result and get
some random snippet that I'm concerned about. Do you have suggestions
for that, please? I'm sorry I temporarily lost my connection. It's okay
:) Yes, with theme that can allow you to choose and set a blog page, you
can add a description for this page. This will be the search engine meta
description then Do you mean having a static page? Or do you mean
something like I currently have? www.elisabeteamaro.com Most themes
allows you to have both a static page and a blog page. This page set as
blog can have a description, as it is a page listing your blog entries
Yes, but I didn't get what you meant by \set a blog page, you can add a
description for this page.\ Sorry to ramble a bit, but does this mean
that my recent posts will be my meta description? So sorry, not getting
this bit Yes, pretty much your most recent post will be your meta
description whenever a search engine crawls your site. Sometimes a
search engine can crawl a different portion, as it is taking now the
Gravatar description. I suppose it's because that's all I've got
available on the site. Well if it's definitely grabbing the snippet from
future posts then I guess that won't be a big issue. Yes, certainly. It
will take anything it finds first. As long as your content it is well
enough, a meta description will be generated. By well enough I mean, at
least 150 words and a descriptive intro for the post itself. Posts can
also use excerpts, so you can use an excerpt instead Yes, you mentioned
excerpts before. I think I'll give that a go as well. I feel more
reassured now. Thank you. Feel free to come back if you need more help!
Awesome, thank you! Have a lovely day/evening - unsure of your timezone.
enjoy the rest of your day. My homepage is still not online? Have I
overlooked something here? let me take a look ok ;-) alright, when I
click on your site: https://martinakoenigblog.wordpress.com/ i'm
redirected to your site, to \art corner\ page, is that your homepage or
are you looking for something different? hi, yes martinas art corner is
my homepage or should be - maybe I did something wrong... ok, so it
seems it's online now :) for me it's working nicely sure?
https://martinakoenigblog.wordpress.com/ there's a quote on it, right?
yes... but I cant find my homepage in google.. oh, don't worry about it
now. Google doesn't index your site automatically, it can take a time
until they index your site here's a Google Faqs explaining how the
indexing process works:
https://sites.google.com/site/webmasterhelpforum/en/faq--crawling--indexing---ranking
it will appear on Google eventually I also recommend you to take a look
at our SEO articles, they will help you to organize better your content
and make it \friendly\ to search engines:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ ok thank you for your help.. I'm
closing this chat now, but please feel free to open a new one if you
have any further question :) I'm not found on the Internet. What can I
do Do you mean in terms of search engine results? do you have any
advice? Great :) taking a look into your account now, I can see that you
registered your domain 11 days ago - that's still very early! What I'd
recommend in this case is to continue updating your site with fresh,
relevant content regularly, including strong keywords Then, when Google
and other search engines come along to scrape your site, they'll see
those changes, and you'll notice your site begin to rise through search
engine rankings naturally :) Hmmm on the mobile I didn't even find
www.mountainswork.ch Right :) again, your site's domain is very new - it
will take time for it to appear in search engine results, and it doesn't
happen straight away. In the meantime, all visitors can access your site
using that domain by typing it into their address bar directly As long
as you keep your site updated and be sure to use relevant keywords,
you'll see improvement over time :) and if you have any other questions
at all, just let us know! fix the way my site appears on Google search
I'm trying to figure out how to get rid of the 'excerpt' text under my
Contact and About categories on the search result. I deleted the
excerpts, but they're still appearing when I search for the site on
Google Since you have already removed the text, Google will update them
in a few days Unfortunately, we can't control the time Google takes to
re-read the website oh okay; if it's just a matter of waiting I'm good!
thanks I changed my site name from
www.cesaredagliana.dotcom.wordpress.com into
www.cesaredagliana.wordpress.com but afre two weeks it is not yet on
google\nwhy?. I have personal piano up to dicember 2017. I had not
change anything else but \nwhen I look for Cesare Dagliana on Google the
blog and the site is out Hello! It can take Google a few weeks to crawl
and discover new information about a site on the web. Have you submitted
the site to Google Search Console? Yes , if i digit the name on \search\
i get it OK! If you've submitted your site to Google Search Console then
you've done everything you can to speed up the process at which Google
will discover your site's new URL. We also have some good resources here
with extra tips and tricks for increasing your site's search engine
ranking: ok I try to look at these, thankyou Great! By the way, I see
you have a domain mapping subscription for cesaredagliana.com. Do you
own that domain through a different company to WordPress.com? Yes but
now is off, I cancelled it OK! Would you like me to remove that mapping
subscription in that case? That would then free you up to register a new
custom domain to your site, at no extra cost. Ok thankyou , remove it
Sure thing! I've removed that now. You can now register a new domain as
part of your plan (if you'd like to) here:
https://wordpress.com/domains/add/cesaredagliana.wordpress.com Ok, I'll
do that Awesome! :) We're right here if extra questions come up too. I
get the new domain Awesome! I can see you've registered
cesaredagliana.blog. Great choice. :) yes, I stop here . Thankyou Good
work. We're right here for you if anything else comes up. Thank you for
your help. by Any time! Bye for now. I’ve been told I need to install
your “All in One SEO” pack plugin (in order to be able to change meta
tags in page titles, etc) but can’t find it anywhere. Do I need to
self-host my site in order to do this? If so, where do I go and what
should I do? My site has been running since December 2016 and I’m yet to
get any paid business through the site, but I really want (and need) to.
Any advice? Thanks. We have some SEO tools available on WordPress.com
already. What would you like to configure? I need to include certain
words in my meta tags I’ve been told, in order to appear higher on
Google, etc. You can do that by adding Excerpts to your content.
Business plan has Advanced SEO Tools, but in other plans we use the
excerpt field as meta tag So is that the thing that’s available when you
create a page? Can I change that on pages I already have? Yes, you can
edit that on your pages by following this guide
https://en.support.wordpress.com/splitting-content/excerpts/ Ok, so if I
edit each page I can change the excerpt on every page and it won’t
affect how my site looks. Is that right? It depends. If your website is
configured to display excerpts, it will display your new content Well,
whenever I post blogs, I make sure I include an excerpt. I have no idea
if it’s configured to display them or not. But whether it displays or
not, will it still act as a meta tag and have an affect on search
engines? Yes, excerpts will be used as meta description of your blog
posts and pages Ok, thanks a lot. I’ve just done that, so hope I’ll see
my search engine rankings soar very soon! Thanks again. I'm glad I was
able to help! I want my site to show as www.urdriveralex.com, not
http://urdriveralex.com only , how will i set that? thanks So you would
like to have www. in front of your domain? Okay, let me see this for one
moment! Just one more moment and I will be back with you! ok then will
be here Okay, thank you for waiting! Is there any particular reason why
you would like to have www in front of your domain name? would that cost
me ? for it to be easier to find or search with www on it so no
additional cost for me anymore? Well, the reason why I was asking is
that the WordPress.com sites will always be redirected to the naked
domain (without www.) i need steps on how to set it This is made in this
way to help Google and other search engines index your website correctly
my site is urdriveralex.com http://urdriveralex.com but when i try to
use www.urdriveralex.com it wont redirect me to my site what are the
steps to do it? Okay, sorry for the delay on my side I was clarifying if
this will be possible to add www It seems that it is not possible to add
www in front of the domain, so I am not able to give you any steps for
it It is designed in this way intentionally In this way, the domain
without www is discovered by Google and other search engines faster This
is how WordPress.com lets search engines know about your site in an
automatic way so that you do not need to do it manually It is part of
our built-in SEO how can i install a plugin? Okay, so in WordPress.com,
we do not allow plugin installations for security reasons But You might
consider migrating your site to WordPress.org This is self-hosted
platform that allows plugins installation Here are the differences
between 2: https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ Install plugins.
Add new doesn't show up. Here on WordPress.com we don't have the ability
to add plugins actually, this would be for self-hosted WordPress.org
sites only. I can't add any plugins Which plugin are you trying to
install? We have the most common functionality of plugins built-in
already. Ah Can I change to get there? yoast Ok, I see. We have SEO
functionality built into your WordPress.com site, however if you're
specifically wanting to use this plugin you would need to move to a
self-hosted WordPress.org site instead. We have a guide here on how you
can do this: move.wordpress.com This would walk you through purchasing
hosting, installing WordPress, transferring your
content/subscribers/stats, connecting your domain, and more. ok, I'll
stick to wp.com and see Hello! I'm contacting you because i own the site
www.treasuresoflisboa.com and when i try to access it on a mobile device
it doesnt display directly. I land on a grey page witha blue header and
a link that says \View full site\. when i click on view full site, I
land correctly on the home page of the site. I have tried with 2
different mobile devices ( smartphones). could you please help ? thanks!
I have another site with a subdomain called
https://fr.treasuresoflisboa.com and oddly enough it works perfectly for
this site. hey :) I think I see the issue, it looks like the Mobile
Theme is activated for this site, that's why it's showing the blue theme
and it doesn't look like the responsive version of your site. I can
switch this off for you so you can see the difference to see if that's
better/ Sure thing! Can you check now to see if that's better? okay
going to check! oh it works! thank a lot :) I have another question
Awesome, I think the mobile theme just was not ever turned off,
sometimes it gets enabled if you try out other themes at first. Sure,
what other question did you have? I have two sites as I mentionned
earlier, and one of them ( \https://fr.treasuresoflisboa.fr\) is
displayed correctly in google but the other one isnt : it shows a wrong
URL ( instead of seeing : \www.treasuresoflisboa.com\ i see the former
adress of it \treasuresoflisboa.wordpress.com\) the URL still works, but
it's not pretty Which keyword(s) are you using to search on Google to
see this? oh, unfortunatly right now my SEO is very bad, so i type in
the google search \ treasures of lisboa\ No problem, I just wanted to
make sure I'm seeing it the same way you are. Let me take a look here,
just one moment please :) Ok, I think I see the reason this is
happening. It looks like you just recently set the site from Private to
Public about 21 hours ago. Google can take a while to update their
information, sometimes days, sometimes weeks or months. It just depends
on the SEO of your site and how many people are accessing it from
Google, for example. oh okay it's just about playing the waiting game :)
great thanks a lot it's reassuring! If you search for
\treasuresoflisboa.com\ on Google, you can see it listed there as a
search result, but you see a message about the robot.txt file preventing
it from having a description. That's normal until Google comes back
around to re-index your site. You're welcome! :) okay! noted I have no
more questions for now :) Ok, if you do have any more questions come up
or need help with anything else, you know where to find us. We'll be
here! I hope you have a great rest of your day. why does my web page
deborah turk photography have next to it welcome home to your new home
on word press? Give me a moment. I will take a quick look at your site.
Can you help me locate the text ? and Blog Deborah turk and some of
those pictures on the bog are not mine????o;og I am looking at
https://deborahturkphotography.com/ .. i see a wedding couple in black
and white and could u check my bill I think I was charged extra would
like to know what Should we begin with your first query? I will take a
look at the others too yes please thank you' You need to help me locate
\welcome home to your new home\ ok I start from beginning I build my web
site with word press and paid for personal account around 32.00 ? or so
35.88 then i saw another charge for 11.00 or so not sure what that is???
Where did you see the charge? they sent me an e mail i have two ref
numbers Sure can you help me with these numbers please would you like
them? Yes please I see only the 35.88 charge on your account here ok i
have to go to my e mail hold on You can send me the numbers.. and check
wordpress.com/purchases and click on billing history to see all your
charges ok hold on ok receipt number is 22792666 for 13.00 and 22792626
for 35.88 not sure why i was charged 13.00 Can you verify from your
credit card records if you were indeed charged for it? ok while u check
that i will write you a question ok One moment I already have two more
from you earlier :D Ok. I checked the transactions on your account.
thanks You have been billed only 35.88 The second one only tells you
that you have used credits worth $13 for domain mapping.. this is a part
of what you have already paid. ok i wonder what that was i will check
with cc tomarrow and make sure its off ...do you know what it was/ Its
an acknowledgement that you have used the domain mapping which is
otherwise charged $13 if you add it to a plan what is domain mapping and
it was a separate charge/ Domain mapping is to allow you to use the
domain you have booked from outside, and point it to your WordPress.com
website not sure ??? so that is extra charge no it is not You can check
your CC account and come back to us if you see an additional charge
there. I can tell you though that there is no charge since i am seeing
the billing records directly for your card here so what is covered with
my 35.88 i thought that was it to lead my site to word press in the
35.88 is there a way to talk on phone i hate this writing back and forth
a toll free number ???? Sorry we do not have phone support You can check
wordpress.com/plans alright my next issue then check the features under
Personal Plan please like you mentioned the domain mapping is included,
and you have not been charged extra. ok my next question is yes please
ok so my web name is deborahturkphotography.com and when i put the name
in googles several strange things come up first deborahturk
photography.comsite info hipster -coders That is because google is
having older versions of your website which possibly had demo content
second It will eventually set itself to the content you currently have
on the site It will take few days though before google does it
deborhaturk your new site or new home on wordpress and third
blog-deborahturkphotography which i do not have a blog and some other
fotos are onit along with my fotos from my web site ???? will the blog
drop off too?? i never did a blog because my card states to find me go
to just deborahturkphotography.com can I make my index google
searchable? that's it thank you for your help this is a bit confusing
??? im currently under personal plan Let me take a look at your
settings. do u see what i mean on google ? can u view it? Like i
suggested. Google is showing a cached (older) version of your website It
will eventually change to what your site is currently .. it will take a
few days ok so your saying it may be a few days or so before all that
stuff is off Your site is already searchable. You can improve this a bit
by submitting your site to Google using the search console, as described
here https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ thanyouk ok
another question Thats right.. you can read this article to explain this
and other queries pertaining to search Tell me please no when i search
my site it doesnt come up oh great let me know your next question Your
site is very new. If you have relevant content, Google and other search
engines will start indexing your content in at least 4-6 weeks ok i
understand a little on SEO....if i put key words in where no o one can
see them will that bring me farther and am i on first page so i come up
quicker...not sure I understand this about being on first page??? so i
dont need to submit google verification file then? You should connect
your site to the search console if you want to help speed up the process
a bit. google-site-verification: google667e0248571a48d6.html like this?
SEO takes times .. i see your site got launched yesterday check the
article i sent and also this one on how you could do better on search no
today Thats even earlier :D You will need to use the meta tag method for
verification. The full process is described here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ ok another one to
read??? haha can u e mail these areas to read ...when we finish i think
our conversation is lost haha Certainly you will receive these links
along with our chat over email :) and does it explain about being on
first page over a period of time though. how long is that You should be
wary of any shortcuts to get to the first page which you may read on
articles outside can get your site blacklisted by google. oh i wouldn't
even know how it works ok and do you You can read the articles i sent
you .. it will make things a bit clear. Google and search engines have
their own ways to rank you I'm not sure of any shortcuts However the
best thing to do is forget that you are the owner of the site for a
moment, run a search query as a pure user.. ask yourself what you need
to do better than those you see on top there in terms of content and
value to the user not sure You will get those answers only when you do
the search as a user and check the top ten websites Is there anything
else that I can help you with? and that will be in a few days ???n
Thanks! I just verified the site do i mneed to do anything else? when u
say the top 10???where is that It depends on how compelling is the
content and reputation of the sites that are already on top ranks Top 10
that you see when you do a google search Are you following the
instructions on the support page
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ ? do you mean put in
google what are the top 10 photo websites??? yes but only for google are
you able to help me put words in .....so that the clients cant see them
to help someone find my site??? Think of yourself as the client Great!
If you have completed the steps there, you should be good to go. what
keywords would you use? but u said even i dont do this after 3-5 weeks
it will be good right? yes i understand that ....but where to put them
so no one can see them If your content is good and relevant, search
engines will find you. In the meantime, you should keep writing, and
sharing on social media, etc im good does this phone chat help with that
and if i need help putting some fotos in can you help me with that Sure!
I can guide you to do that. I see you have already done a great job not
really its needs a lot more work I would suggest you use \featured
image\ on every page though so that you do not see a white patch on top
http://en.support.wordpress.com/featured-images/ you can check the steps
up here oh thanks Did i use it on any of the pages? see i need tips to
make it look better thanks No you have not used it.. it will make your
pages look much more better Your site will look very different once you
add them on each page oh i will change it thanks is it easy? Yes it is
so do i have to change each foto you need to add any one awesome photo
for each category page as a featured image which will appear in what you
see as a white space now on top oh ok so maybe i can do one foto now
would you be so kind to walk me through where are you by the way ??
hello u still there?? yes i am You can open a page in editor where is
editor on my site?? i just clicked on my site and stats, plan publish
etc that list came up pages remember we are adding featured image to a
page.. ok so I'm pages do i click on add' click any one page to edit
since we are adding a featured image to one of them ok familes ok i have
a foto on page?? do i click on pencil botton of page do you see any
option to change \featured image\ where no just one of the fotos came up
not sure where to click next are you trying this over phone? no on my
computer Wow i see you have already added featured photos to families,,
kids , no need to add it again its looking cool where e did you see that
blank white area under weddings??? I saw it earlier when we began
chatting its fine now where was it i didn't change it??? If you open the
page withn editor you will find featured image to your right ok so on
google where i told you about blog....will that come off....because i
don't have a blog and some of those fotos are not mine ....and don't
have a clue where they came from??? or how this blog came to fruition I
already answered it :) It came from an old version of your site oh sorry
yes I'm trying to add some more fotos now sure.. let me know if you have
any other questions do i click on add new I'm lost Can you tell me what
you are wanting to do and on which page ? i ve added 5 new fotos that
are numbered but I'm lost now in how to get them on web page wedding so
i found fotos in computer under add new so i found fotos in computer
under add new' are you editing the wedding page ? Please make sure you
are following the steps given here
http://en.support.wordpress.com/add-media/ Use the add media button ..
select the photos and click on the add or insert button you see on the
popup it was downloading so after i click the fotos i want where next
media and add?? Just to be sure can you check the link i sent? ok thanks
have a great evening Sure.. please do come back on chat if you need
further assistance. my problem is that my blog is not shown in google
search console Did you get your blog verified by adding the tag here on
your site? Does it show as verified on Google Search console ? first I
did for www.gyetvancsaba.com Thats fine you can add multiple domains and
verify each of them then when in January I bought www.gyetvancsaba.blog
I made verify that also but it writes nothing to show Thats because the
site needs about one or two months to gather enough data If you have
more traffic it could happen earlier. if your site status is showing
verified then you are all set could it help if Idelete
www.gyetvancsaba.com ? from here? No that wont help since Google tool
takes time to gather information. you will need to wait patiently while
it does ok but it happened in the middle of January It all depends on
how much traffic you get on the site if you do not have the domain name
with .com anywhere .. please delete that profile too. unless you own
that domain too ok but now the traffic goes to www.gyetvancsaba.com not
to .blog am I right? i see the .com id is permanently redirected to
.blog and .blog is the primary domain better to delete? if you wish to
keep .blog as primary domain absolutely how to delete? and use the
verification tag separately made for .blog what is that? please follow
these steps for the .blog domain you have this already dona then you
will need to wait as mentioned. this can take longer depending on how
much traffic you get ok but traffic now goes to .com? so better to
delete no? how? traffic is all diverted to .blog You will need to check
the instructions from Google Search console support I mean delete from
here You want to delete the .com domain ? I asked that it is useful? it
will not matter since it is permanently redirected to the .blog domain
now whether you want to keep .blog or .com as your primary domain... you
need to decide that the other domains will then permanently redirect to
the primary domain I alredy decided the question was that for google
motors could it be disturbing? two domains not it will not However my
reference earlier was.. you keep only one domain within Google Search
console let only the primary domain be registered in search console and
have that verified Hi , this is my first time doing a webpage. I was
wondering how we make our page come higher up on the listings when you
look for nurseries in congleton on google Righ, to make your site appear
in results when searching for a particular phrase, there are some things
you can try. \n The key is to make Google 'like' your website, so it
shows your site in search listings, and at a higher rank. It can take a
while, even months before Google starts ranking your site -- you need to
keep working on it. Try and make your site look 'fresh' by publishing
regular content, in the form of blog posts.\n Now the question is, how
should the posts and content be written, so that your desired phrases
return the site in search results? We've written some tips here that you
can incorporate:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ . Key is
to emphasize on phrases you want to rank for in Google\n ok - will try
those thanks You're very welcome We'll be here if any more questions
come up! what times are this chat support available 24 hours on all
weekdays. :) 8am-5pm Eastern Time on weekends. oh that is fab thank you
x Hi ,\nIm in personal plan , i cant find my domain during google
search. do i need to upgrade for coming up in internet search? It can
take quite a while for your site to appear on Google. WordPress.com
manages the SEO quite well, but the way to make sure you get up in the
search is to have lots of really good content :) We have some articles
on SEO here https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Actually i created the
domain for my business if its not coming on search there is no use of
creating a website It'll come! It just takes time :) Marketing and SEO
is a long-term process how long it will take ? Sometimes it can take two
months for Google to even pick up your site, there isn't a whole lot we
can do about that. The main thing is to make sure you have really great
content so that when users visit your site, they stay there. Another
thing you can do is share your site on social media, and that'll help
get it more popularity so can i share it with others? Yeah! i thought it
wont be visible If you copy the link that shows in your browser
http://funncareearlylearning.com.au you can give that to other people
and they'll be able to see your site thats great Our blog is public but
can't find it in Google?\n Hi There, I can certainly help with this.
This is the website correct? http://socialbitches.com when i google
social bitches it comes with nothing relating to our site And you
purchased the site in Feb? i believe so the permimim plan Yes, you are
right. They all were added at the same time. what does that mean As far
as Google and your site's rank, it usually takes roughly 4-6 for Google
to start picking up the site. But there are some things you can do to
help. I will send you a couple of links that have some great information
that can help you increase your SEO rank. ok please This is a more
general one with some great links off of it.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ I have a really good one here: And
lastly you will want to be sure your site is set to Public. To double
check this you can go to: My Sites - Settings, then scroll down until
you see the Privacy section. ok i need to log off but will come back
sorry Ok, you are free to come back at any time. :) We will be happy to
help! Hi, Is there an analytics solution I can add to my wordpress.com
hosted site?\n We have WordPress.com/stats built in If you want Google
Analytics, you'd have to upgrade to the business plan:
wordpress.com/plans Ok. Thank you. Let us know if you have more
questiosn! Any deals on the business plan? For someone who is strongly
considering being hosted elsewhere. We don't have any deals on price, no
But we have started testing a new business plan that allows custom
themes and plugins Just for new sites though - this is on an old site,
right? 2 months old. Is there anything that you offer for W3C
compliance? I have a bunch of coding errors on my page. 64 to be exact.
63 Warnings. 35 Errors. Code isn't accessible on WordPress.com, so no
there isn't a way to fix them But it is the same codebase as a lot of
VIP sites, that run without issue at a large scale -a lot of those
errors are nice to haves and general in nature As long as it doesnt hurt
my SEO to much. Definitely does not My site is pretty SEO friendly,
except domain age and traffic. Those will come. Sounds like a good plan
A headache of a plan But I'm not one to stop till I get to where I want
to be. Victory must be earned, certainly (: The feeling wouldn't be the
same otherwise. Truth Let us know if you have more questions - Happy
Friday! Thank you. Same to you . HI\n How can I contact your management?
yes, Hi Automattic doesn't use a traditional management structure, but
I'd be happy to help you out. Could you let me know what you're trying
to get done? I already mentioned it zillion times there is no help Ok,
let me take a look at your previous interactions, and get caught up with
what you're trying to do. It sounds like you've recently been concerned
with your number of visitors and your site's ranking on Google's search.
that's right because logically what your people said does not make sense
I see Siobhan sent you an email about this last night - do you have
further questions regarding that? ok. I just got it. I wonder, why it
was so difficult to indicate it to me to begin with? Glad to hear you
got that. if it is the real reason, I am not so sure anymore Traffic and
SEO are quite complex, especially as Google changes their algorithm
frequently. well, I am not glad. You have to make sure that service is
in line. When you asked me to pay, I did. Now you do your part you have
to follow it, if you charge WordPress.com does have excellent SEO built
in, but we can never guarantee results, as Google controls where sites
are shown in their search results. If you're interested, here's some
more information about SEO on WordPress.com:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ If you're
not satisfied with the plan you're on, we do offer a 30-day refund
period. \ Dear KENJI YAMAMURA,\nYou have 1 domain name seo registration
service pending.\nThis solicitation is to inform you that it's time to
send in your search engine registration for
enoteca-via-salaria.com.\nFailure to complete this order by 04/06/2017
may result in the cancellation of this offer (making it difficult for
your customers to locate you, using search engines on the web). We do
not register or renew domain names. We sell traffic generator
software.\nAct soon! This offer for enoteca-via-salaria.com will expire
on 04/06/2017. Act today! \\n\nI resiveed this mail , Do I have to pay ?
if I don't pay Ioss my HP ? I can certainly look into this for you.
sorry I don't anderstand I have seen a few customers receive this email
in the past. I just wanted to search it for you. The email does not come
from us. It is a type of Scam/ Spam that is sent out. Almost like an ad,
only they try to make you feel like you have to do this. You should
definitely not pay and your SEO will not be affected. I found this site,
there are a few other sites out there as well that explain this Scam
further:
http://webdesignsbyterri.com/scam-alert-domain-name-search-engine-registration/
OK , I don't pay . Thank you . You're very welcome. Thank you always .
If you have any further questions, please feel free to come to chat. We
are here to help :) I can't seem to find my SEO tab anymore for my
business account under settings? Was it moved or removed. I'm not seeing
a link either, what aspect of SEO are you trying to access? Need to
change up some SEO items. Point is, With the business plan I should be
seeing the SEO tab and am not. I'm looking Ah, so it looks like that
isn't there anymore, all of the settings can be changed through the
pages or through your Settings > Traffic tab You can see here for the
different tools you have available
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ Interesting! did notice the
change Yeah, I've let some of my colleagues know, your question has
started up quite the discussion :) Now I see it. Thank you. lol! good am
not alone Haha, yup, no worries ^_^ Thank you though..wonderful weekend
You too! Feel free to open up a new chat if you have any further
questions! Hey guys, \nI have a question.... so i have a question
regarding google optimisation Can you take a look on this pages and tell
me if there's a way to optimize them better for google I can definitely
provide some information for you regarding Search Engine Optimization. I
have some great resources I can share with you. for example this page
https://maxvangelidigital.com/united-states/ having just images for
cities is ok or should i add a text to the? them* It is great to have
text as well. Here is a great site that can give you some tips to help
with your site. well bottom line what you suggest for us to improve the
google search there's any other sugestions? If you go to the site I
sent, it gives you many suggestions. The best advice would be to write
good fresh content that you want google to find. You're welcome. Also
here is our support page that can offer some great reads as well: If
there is anything additional we can do to help, please let us know and
we would be happy to assist. :) Thanks, have a great day! You're
welcome, you as well. Bonjour, je ne vois pas comment effectuer le
référencement du site... pouvez-vous me dire comment faire
svp...\nCordialement,\nM.L. Hi There, We currently offer support in
English, but we can use Google Translate, if that is ok? it's ok! Ok,
great. If I understand correct. You are asking how you can increase your
Search Engine Optimization Rank? I have a couple of great sites that can
help. Our own support page on SEO is: And this page here can help offer
tips to help increase your rank: Both are great sites with lots of great
information. Ok, thanks, I'll read this page and I will see... You're
welcome. If you have any questions along the way, please feel free to
come chat. Thanks, Have a good day, I cannot find my site on google. If
I enter my domain name it says 'A description for this result is not
available because of the site's robots.txt'\nAre you able to tell me
what to do so that I come up on a google search of basic info about my
site; or at least get around the above robots.txt issue - I have no
website/coding skills!\nMany thanks\nMonique Hi? ok, don't worry about
the robots.txt, that's an automatic file we create for search engines.
If google is not displaying results at the moment, it can take a few
weeks for them to indexing your site Thanks, is there nothing I can do
to speed it up??! here's a Google's article explaining how Google
indexing works:
https://sites.google.com/site/webmasterhelpforum/en/faq--crawling--indexing---ranking/
Thanks, I guess I'll just be patient! yes, sure, I'd recommend you to
take a look at our SEO articles https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/
that way, you could organize your content to be more \Search engines
friendly\ I will too! Many thanks, Bye How do I get to drive more
traffic to my page?\n I can definitely provide you with some more
information regarding Search Engine Optimization. :) Here is a great
support page that we offer, with some links to more information on how
to increase your rank: Heya, I have tried that Doesn't seem to be
working :( And more specifically here is a great site that can help: It
offers some great information on how to develop your site with fresh
content that google will love. :) I will have a look If there is
anything additional we can help with, please feel free to come back to
chat. How would I go about getting a job at word press? I can certainly
send you a link to our \Work with us\ page:
https://automattic.com/work-with-us/ One more thing It doesn't have an
apply button Would I just use the contact form to register my interest?
It does have instructions on the site of how to apply. There is an email
address to submit to I believe. It just seems to have a 'contact us'
button at the bottom nothing else that relates Unless I am missing
something :-s Have you picked a position on the right hand side that you
will be applying for? There is a How to Apply section with every
position. That should answer your questions, thanks. Search engine Hi
there! I'm happy to help you. What specifically did you need to know
about search engines? Am I doing everything to become search engine
friendly ? TY Let me take a look at what you have going on in your site.
One moment please. Will start adding a title to my post today been
adding tags Want my blog to become search engine friendly Well, you're
doing a lot of things right: you're using WordPress, which is built for
SEO, so that's good! You are posting regularly, and you're keeping a
simple, minimal design that doesn't distract from your content. You also
have a unique custom URL rather than the default domain. The one thing I
recommend is that you add more text. A lot of your recent posts appear
to be just images, which is not search-engine friendly. You can add
image tags, but that wont' be enough. You need to add more text. If you
haven't already, you might want to read some of our articles on how SEO
works and how to improve your blog's search engine visibility:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Will adding Title help ? Since
mainly images > Yes, adding a title will help. But not completely. You
want people to stick around your site after they've clicked on the title
in a search engine result. If they don't because there's nothing else to
see on your site, then it won't help your SEO. Lets see what removing
donation link adding a title and tags to post does this to bring up my
stats week Okay, sounds good! Is there anything else I can help you with
today? If does not at that time see what other changes need to become
made than TY be blessed :0) CUL You're welcome! Have a good one. :-)
Change my domain name Which domain would you like to use?
nycappliedwingchun.com am i allowed to change my domain name as i
please? I apologize for the delay. I have updated that domain name for
you. Where did you register nycappliedwingchun.com originally? i haven't
registered it I thought that's what the Personal plan gets me it's still
showing up as appliedwingchunny.com under my sites. is this right? Oh I
see. It looks like nycappliedwingchun.com has already been registered by
someone somewhere else: https://who.is/whois/nycappliedwingchun.com If
you owned it somewhere else, you could map it here. Otherwise, I can
free up the domain credit for you to register a different domain. You
can also update your site title here: https://wordpress.com/settings
That has to be done manually and doesn't automatically correlate with
the domain. I've free up your domain credit so you can select a
different one from here:
https://wordpress.com/domains/add/appliedwingchunnyc.wordpress.com If i
select one now, can i change it in the future Ah, no, domains can't be
edited. You have a 48 hour window to cancel a domain, though. If you
want to change it after that, you can by paying for a second domain. how
about if i have a domain with godaddy.com. how would that work> You can
certainly use that domain here. You would need to add a domain mapping
subscription for it here (included in your plan). Then, log into your
GoDaddy account and edit the domain's name servers to ours. If you want
to use that option, I can walk you through the steps for it now. hmm...
if i go with a domain now, and decide to change it after 48hr, how much
would that cost New domains begin at $18/ year. With privacy protection,
they begin at $26 / year. If it's a domain you're mapping here, it will
cost $13, though (that's if you own the domain somewhere else and want
to use it on your site here). the domain mapping is a one time fee?
These are yearly costs. are you sure nycappliedwingchun.com is taken? i
checked with a few other sites and they all say that is available Oh
interesting. The site I checked said it was taken, but I do see
elsewhere it's available. What happens when you try to register it here?
https://wordpress.com/domains/add hold on.. i'm trying to register it
now Take your time. looks like it went through Oh lovely. I do see the
registration for nycappliedwingchun.com on your account now. are there
any basic settings/options i need to change so that it comes up on
google when people search Good question. I see you're verified with
Google, which is a great start, and your site is public. From here, I
recommend working on publishing engaging, quality content. We also have
some tips here:
\n\nhttp://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ how do
i add meta tags? Hi! You guys are always so quick and responsive! :)
Yay! :) Here on WordPress.com we don't actually have an option to add
meta tags to posts or pages. However, you can tag your post with
keywords if you would like. Usually the most important thing is to have
a strong page or post title and to have strong content on the page as
well. That will help your site's SEO best. If i tag my pages with
keywords, will they be actually visible on the page? Tags would show up
on posts, but not on pages. For example, you can see a post with tags on
it here with the Dara theme demo:
https://darademo.wordpress.com/2011/09/20/some-much-needed-vacation/
Where it says \Tagged announcement, panache\ but if i add tags to a page
its serves the same purpose as keywords? like, that should help ranking
on google? It can help, yes, but usually what's most important to Google
is the page title and the content on the page. They've moved away from
using keywords and such, as they have bots that can better analyze the
actual content. Hello, I can't see the page \SEO\. Is it normal ? Does
nothing load at all when you go to that page? okay that is super
helpful! No, before when I was in the page \Settings, I was able to see
that, but not anymore. Can you try refreshing the page? It could be that
the page didn't load properly for you at first. Yes, I tried. no that
should be all, thanks so much! Can you send me a link to the page you're
on? You're welcome. It's been nice chatting with you. If you find that
you need help with anything else, please just let us know! With a
screenshot ? No, you don't have to send a screenshot, but you can copy
the link to the page you're on, then paste that here into our chat.
https://wordpress.com/settings/general/egib.live I found it ! How can I
build the tag \meta keywords\ ? Oh ok, it loaded now? I'm not sure what
you mean by \build the tag\ Yes it is. I would like to add key words in
this tag. Sorry, I'm still not sure what you mean. Can you explain a bit
more about what you are trying to do or change? I want to change the tag
. Here on WordPress.com we don't have an option to change the meta tags,
if that's what you are meaning. Can you do that for me ? No, it's not
possible to change the meta tags on posts or pages here on
WordPress.com. Instead, I would recommend focusing on having strong page
titles and content, that is the best way to improve your site's SEO Ok,
thank you ! No, thank you ! Hi there,\n\nI have an appointment now with
Chaitanya Please give me a moment here. Hi David :) Hello - sorry but my
name is Dani :) Ah my apologies, Dani! My bad. How are you doing today?
Haha that is completely fine - I might have put it in correctly Good
thank you You indeed put your name correctly. But I was mistaken! No
worries at all! :) Let's get going. You asked me about three things. 1.
Set up google analytics\n2. SEO\n3. Adding copyright symbol to the
footer Yes that's right Sweet. Lets start with #1. Have you had a chance
to check this guide: https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-analytics/
No I haven't but will have a look now Basically generate the Google
Analytics tracking ID and add it to your site on
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/little-thinkers.com page. You
will get a transcript of our chat in your email
littlethinkersblog@gmail.com, with links to everything we have discussed
here today. \n So please don't feel the rush to do everything now. Ok
great thank you Let's move on to #2, SEO. We have a great webinar on SEO
that includes everything you need to know about it:
https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 Excellent It is a 40 minute video and I
suggest you watch it to learn all the things you need to do to improve
your site's SEO ranking. I will listen to that after we finish yep :)
Awesome thanks for that! We already take care of 80-90% of SEO mechanics
for all the sites on WordPress.com. \n\nHowever, here are some little
things you can do to improve your site's ranking with
Google:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Between the webinar video and these links, you will cover everything
related to SEO for your WordPress.com site. Oh sure - so Wordpress looks
after a fair bit of SEO for me? Yes, a lot of it actually :) That's
great!! However, we only provide the tools. It is upto you to make most
of them. How is explained in the webinar and the documents I linked
above. Just to set the right expectation :) I will have a look through
those Now lets move on to the third topic. We can add copyright text to
the footer using CSS. Oh great What would you like your copyright text
to read? Will this remove the wordpress symbol? Actually you can remove
the W symbol from Customizer > Site Identity > Footer Credit section.
Can you try it now? I was hoping to have the copyright symbol and then
Little Thinkers 2017 Sure. Let me get the CSS while you work on hiding
the footer credit. I've hidden the symbol thanks for that Now while in
Customizer, go back one level and open the CSS panel. done Paste this
CSS and save it: .site-info::after {\n content: \© Little Thinkers
2017\;\n display: block;\n} Amazing!! Now can you tell me a bit more
about your site? What type of business you are in? What are the goals of
your site? Hello\n\nCould you please pass me on to Chaitanya - I
accidentally closed the browser I am here :) Sorry I closed the browser!
I am in education and have been teaching for almost 10 years Wow, great
to know. Are you in early childhood education or at a higher level? I
create educational resources for teachers to use within the classroom
and for parents to use at home with their kids - my aim is to provide
quality educational resources and tools to lots of kids Sounds generous!
Early childhood - kids from ages 4-12 I suppose 4-12 months, am I right?
or kids of age 4-12 years? or both :) My website shares ideas and
resources and helps people find things they need then links this to my
online shop years, sorry! Does Wordpress have an option to buy directly
from the website? I was thinking down the track when I release parent
resources they won't subscribe to Teachers Pay Teachers to buy the
material and would probably want to shop on the website We’re testing
some changes right now that’d let you our users add store to business
site like yours. It’s still a beta version, though, and there are some
bugs in the process. Since yours is a well established site, I wouldn't
recommend it as yet. No worries - it will have me at least a year to get
there Ok sure, not a problem We should have something solid by then. Ok
cool Alright then, we are nearly at the end of our session. Also note
that you can always chat to us from https://wordpress.com/help/contact
No that was great - thanks for all your help Chaitanya Excellent -
thanks so much :) Have a great day Enjoy rest of your day! where do I
have add key words in wordpress that my page is well positioniert in
googel? It is possible to do so by using the Advanced SEO Tools
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ My site is not visible via
web searches. I can't find it using keyword searches. The only way I can
find it on the Web is by typing in the address in the address box. Will
it become more visible over time? Am I doing someting wrong? When did
you make your site? This past Saturday I am using the personal plan--35
a year Gotcha. It can take a while (up to two months or so) for the
search engine's robots to crawl and discover your site. You can do it
manually here: I figured that--can I expedite this process in any way Do
what? You can manually tell Google to crawl your site :) Okay. Thanks!
Anything else I can do for you? No. Thanks! Have a great day! If you
need anything else, feel free to open another chat! i need help setting
up my site my computer crashed for two months not able to work \ncan I
get two months credit Unfortunately I wouldn't be able to credit your
account, as our plans are paid for in full for the year when they're
purchased. However, I can help you get started with your site. Is there
anything in particular that you were wanting to setup or change about
your site? I would like to change findgreatdeals10 to find great deals
Ok, findgreatdeals10 is your username. This can be changed here:
https://wordpress.com/me/account is that how people find me on google
No, your username won't have anything to do with people finding your
site. Your site's domain is findgreatdeals.blog So someone can type that
in to go directly to your site. As you add content to your site, Google
will index your site and pull information from it, that way when people
search they may be shown your site if it's relevant. giraybir yaz?nca
sitemin arama motorlar?nda 1. sayfada ç?kmas?n? istiyorum Hi there! We
currently offer support in English, Portuguese, and Spanish only at this
time, but I'm happy to use Google Translate to assist you. Here's a link
to the tool if you'd like to use it as
well:\n\nhttps://translate.google.com\n\n Okay, Google Translate is
telling me that you want to be on the first page. Can you tell me what
you mean by that? ? am writting giraybir in serch engine. I want to go
my site on the 1st page Ah okay. So you want your site to show up on the
first page of Google? For what keyword? \giraybir\? Gotcha. So please
keep in mind that it can take search engines several weeks (6-8 weeks)
to index new sites, so if you're not seeing your site on Google, Yahoo!
and other search engines right away, it's because they have not had a
chance to \crawl\/find your site and add it to their results. That isn't
something that we can control since they're entirely separate companies.
I need help setting up m site Sure :) Hi, are you still there? I'm going
to close this chat window, but feel free to keep typing if you're still
there :) i am an affliate for click bank I am trying to set up my site I
am also a student of RoryRicord i need to speak with someone on the
phone At WordPress.com we have live chat support and email support, but
not phone support at the moment. Would live chat work? is that videoo
No, that's the chat we're having now. i am a student of Rory Ricord do
you know who he is I'm not familiar with him. I found some info online,
is it about posting affiliate links? If so, here's some info about that
at WordPress.com, https://en.support.wordpress.com/monetize-your-site/\n
i just need help setting up my site Ok, sure. What questions do you
have? Keep in mind that certain affiliate/ad programs aren't allowed at
WordPress.com. Did you see the link I pasted above? Ok :) i am looking
at it now can I apply it says only with a mapped domain Are you
referring to applying for WordAds? You have a custom domain, so you are
eligible. But first you'll need to increase your traffic. Here are some
tips: https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/\n
You'll need visits in the tens of thousands to earn meaningful revenue.
i think I want to cancel this for now I was not able to go on the site
for 2 months My computer crashed can I get a refund Unfortunately the
domain (findgreatdeals.blog) is outside of the 48 hour refund window and
the plan is outside of the 30 day refund window. You're currently at 64
days. I can turn off auto-renew so that it doesn't renew next year
though. Did you want me to turn off auto-renew? Ok, done. If you do want
to renew next year you'll need to do so from the Purchases page:
wordpress.com/me/purchases so i will need high traffic for them to
approve me for adwords Right, at your traffic levels you won't be able
to earn any revenue. i know iam just starting my site :) That link above
will have some helpful tips for getting more traffic. but i need adwords
so when people search my site will pop up AdWords is a Google product.
You can sign up with that directly though them, no thank you Ok :) Have
a nice day! Hello, I am having difficulty finding my website in the
google search engine. Is there something I need to do to make this
happen? I can certainly assist you with this. I see that you added your
site today? the SSL processed today It wasn't mapped until yesterday Ok
thanks. but has been on WP since I believe thursday or friday The way
Google's SEO Ranks work is that it takes roughly 4-6 weeks before it
starts to pick up your site. I can send you some great SEO pages though
that can help you increase your rank. ok that would be helpful thanks!!
Here is our support page and I have another one to give as well: This
one is more specific and can help with the content on your site, etc:
Will they be operable on a premium account? SEO Tools are offered as
part of the Business Plan. Is there anything additional I can help you
with? If there is anything additional we can help with, please feel free
to come back to chat. :)\n I would like to know how to access my domain
name (website)from google, using nikkishouseinc.com Is this for your
http://nikkishouseinc.com site? I see that it was registered today?
yesterday evening The way Google's SEO Ranks work is that it takes
roughly 4-6 weeks before it starts to pick up your site.\n I can send
you some great SEO pages though that can help you increase your rank.\n
okay. so i will be able to google nikkishouseinc.com without using the
wordpress logo attached to the address Yes you are correct. It is just
mapped to your WordPress.com site, but you do not need to search or even
use that site, You can just use the nikkishouseinc.com Would you like
the support sites that can help with your Search Engine Optimization
Rank? will there be a www. in front of my websitr No, it will just be
the nikkishouseinc.com yes I would like the support Here is our support
page and I have another one to give as well:\n Are there any tutorials
that I can use to help me build my site One more question is this an
actual website that I am creating And yes we do have a great site you
can use to walk you through building your site. I can send that to you
as well if you like? thank you Def. need. It can walk you through
picking a theme, customizing, how to add pages, etc. And if you have any
questions along the way, please feel free to come chat with us :) thanks
a bunch You're welcome. Enjoy your day. you as well sorry, connection
wass down\n Hello! Were you chatting with my colleague? i think so, nut
i didn't see the chat anymore OK, let me check so I can reconnect you
was about a api key doesn't wokt Hi! I lost you! Could you try this?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/contact-info/#troubleshooting
Let me know if you have any questions about it done, thank you! Do you
have any tips for me to improve my google search results ;) We have a
few articles to help you with it! for example structuring the side bar
Give me a moment to find that information thnx How to Publish Posts that
Search Engines Will
Love':\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n\nSEO
and your
blog:\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nAll
about SEO on WordPress.com:
\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ Take
a look and if you have questions about it, open a new chat! thnx! have a
nice day hi, is ther a option to alighn the menus. check them, to see
what i mean. the title is a bit to high in position\n Can you please
tell me a bit more what do you mean? From what I see your top menu is
displayed properly. if i click in the toolbaar on a menu, for example
ons verhaal, the toolbar is over the haedline Ok, got it now. Let me
check if I can do something about that. lost connection- I am still here
:) I have verified the theme demo and it looks like it the default
behaviour of the the theme. This could be fixed using some custom CSS
code. For CSS support, I’m going to send you over to the experts. You
can just add a question here, and either one of our experts or one of
our expert volunteers will help you get that sorted out:
http://en.forums.wordpress.com/forum/css-customization.\n SUPER THNX
hello - hope you can help me... I have been advised to change my 'title
tags' and 'meta tags' on my website for better local seo - how do i find
these? WordPress.com sites are already very optimized for search
engines. I would suggest reading up the articles linked here for better
understanding of how it works on sites hosted here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo hi, i lost the chat for some tips
to improve the google results How may I help you? sorry, i was wondering
if you can help me with some tips to improve my google results I see. I
would suggest reading through the resource listed on this page
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo These have been written by people
who know much more about SEO than I do :) I searched google for the site
and got the message \A description for this result is not available
because of this site's robots.txt\. Can you help? Hi there! I'm more
than happy to help! Let me check your account and site... OK, thanks ok,
what seach terms did you use? nichol actuarial ok, let me check ok, have
you set your site's description in my sites > settings > traffic ? will
check now not familiar at all with the \traffic\ section. what's most
important there is a section that says Website Meta almost at the bottom
You can write the description here (it will show on Google) ok thanks.
Is there any thing here that will help with SEO - that I can fill in?
sure, you can take a look at https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/
where it details exactly how each section can help you for SEO OK,
thanks. Have a good evening thanks, Don't hesitate to contact us for any
other question Have a good evening you too! Would you give me some
guidance on how to get my site to show on the search engines. Yes, sure
Let me check if everything is configured properly on our end I would
appreciate your guiding me toward how I can get my site to show up on
search engines. Didn't mean to repeat myself. Showing up on search
results is all a matter of creating quality content in a way that Google
and other search engines can \understand\ well There are a few
strategies that you can try, so what I recommend is reading through two
guides that talk more about how you can improve your search rankings
Thanks. I will do that. Appreciate the help i have a problem with the
default WP robots.txt file. i saw a message Sitemap contains urls which
are blocked by robots.txt. i saw my default robots txt file and it not
contain any block to any url, just /wp-admin/\nwhat can i do?\nthanks in
advance Is this for your site, icommunication.fr? This site was switched
from Private to Public about 4 hours ago, is that right? Ok, then this
is actually normal to see the robots.txt error on Google. This means
that the last time Google tried to index your site, it was not available
for them to do so. Now that the site is public, when Google comes to
index your site again it will be able to update that for you. But we
cannot control when the bots will re-index your site. Ok, so i patient ?
I'd give it some time, it can take only a few days or it could take a
few months, it really just depends on Google at this point. I wait ?
OK...Thanks Yes i can't see options when i click on 'sharring button' in
the menu 'sharring'. I just see a message wordpress advertising. I want
to share article to my facebook page. And the widgets facebook page
doesn't appaer on my blog when i configure it...Thank you I'm not sure I
understand. When you click on \Sharing\ then \Sharing Buttons\ what do
you see? I see nothing It sounds like your browser isn't loading the
page properly. I would recommend clearing your browser cache and
restarting your browser to see if that helps. We have instructions here
on how to do this: https://en.support.wordpress.com/browser-issues/ Ok
thank you ! Add tags to help my site appear in Google searches You can
add tags to your posts, these might have a bit of relevance in Google,
but the keyword meta tag has been ignored by Google for many years, so
we don't use that anymore. The biggest factor in Google is your post and
page content I am trying to increase my visibility through SEO\n Sure,
we have some articles about that you can check out here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Did you have any specific
questions for me? yeah i was just wondering does the plan that I am on
now have any sort of SEO tools ? Nothing very specific. You can use post
and page excerpts as the meta description for posts and pages. On the
home page it is usually the tagline that is the meta description. Then
there are things you can do in your content creation, like making sure
images have alt tags More specific SEO tools are on the Business plan
okay can you show me where i would find the tagline in the meta
description The tagline can be edited from the settings:
wordpress.com/settings/general okay cool and what did you mean by the
photos with an alt tag When you upload an image. If you edit the image
there is a section to add an ALT tag. This is for alternate text for
search engines and when your site visitor is visually impaired. It
should be a description of the image. sorry im just trying to find that
alt tag Are you editing a post or in the media library right now? im on
my website where i can add a post or edit yes Okay in that case if the
image is already in the post, you can click on it to get the pencil
icon, then click on that to edit the image settings, including alt tag
its only allowing me to edit the positioning, caption or delete it Try
clicking the caption icon nah it just says enter a caption could it be
the way I have been blogging my content perhaps Okay, instead of that
you will need to re-add the image to the post. To do that you can click
on the image and click the X icon Then you click the + in the editor
buttons to add the image again You can find the image in the media
library and click on the thumbnail to select it. Then before inserting
into the post click the Edit button above all the thumbnails That will
show the image setttings yeah cool :) and do i just write what the
picture is in the alt tag Yes. It should be a brief visual description
like \green pine trees in forest\ or something like that, and you can
add a separate title if you want We wish to add a html file or a meta
tag to verify our domain to use Google Webmaster. Pls help. You can add
your meta tag to Settings > Traffic wordpress.com/traffic :) Argh Sorry
- wordpress.com/settings/traffic (It'll be at the bottom - scroll down
there) Done! Thank you. :-) I see the XML URL is not https
http://toppers.io/sitemap.xml Does than affect SEO adversely? *that What
in particular? Submitting sitemap to Google? Hmm, we actually do that
automatically whenever you publish a blog post. It wouldn't have a
significant effect, but it's a positive indeed. SEO depends on several
factors, keeping your site fresh and publishing posts regularly is one
way If you want to rank good for certain phrases, it's good to give this
a read as well:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n I found
this! Cool. :) THe link shown in traffic page is not https But its
actually redirecting to https://toppers.io/sitemap.xml Yeah, that's
fine. We automatically redirect to HTTPS now, it's secure and also helps
with SEO Why dont you guys show the secure link under /traffic page Ik
zie dat mijn pagina's niet optimaal opgenomen worden door Google. Hoe
kan ik Title, Meta-description en Meta-tags beter optimaliseren. Ik heb
nochtans de Business versie met de SEO plugin\n\n Are you able to chat
in English? If you can't, I will translate your query using Google
Translate and try to help you. Hope that is okay Chqt in English is ok I
forgot no worries. I see that my pages of the three Business websites
are not totally wel taken bij Google search engine. Where can I optimize
Title, Meta description en Meta-tags ?? I have business module and
normally I have also de SEO Plugin Can you check this for me please Sure
i can help you with that Can you open any page in editor ? What do you
mean with that Can you open any page from wordpress.com/pages where you
can edit its content Ok i can I did the home page great on the right
side do you see categories and tags ? That is what I don't see Is that
normal Do you see it on the right side? I have this possibility in blog
pages, but not in the mean pages Ok in the pages.. do you see Meta
description on the right side? I see Lay out Publice Page attributes And
that is it Within posts do you see the option of Meta description on the
right side? I'll check that There I see Categories and Tags Ok if i open
this page https://wordpress.com/page/permanentmakeupperfection.com/2574
can you browse to this one Ok than I see a lot more Wait I am getting it
I have to edit some where else than here
https://permanentperfection.wordpress.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=15=edit
Thats correct You can click on My Sites >> Pages >> click on the \edit\
option for any page I am using ratings on my blog posts and I want to
get Google Search Console to recognise these in Data Highlighter. I
highlight the stars and it doesn't recognise them as a rating. Can you
help? My goodness If I chat with you earlier Google would take much
better my website Just so that I am clear, you are using this
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/home?hl=en? No its not like that
at all :) let me help you with some guide to advanced tools you have as
a business user. See this open it in a browser
site:https://permanentmakeupperfection.com -adsfasdfasdf there you can
see that I did not fill out meta description Does it give you a reason
as to why it does not recognize them? So my pages were taken by Google
but not optimized for SEo It just says that the tag does not appear to
be a rating. So if i Fill out now all meta tags it will be beter You can
now use the SEO description i mentioned withn page editor and also check
the tools for business right here somebody at the door I am right back I
would like to tell you one thing though.. google does not give much
rating to Meta tags anymore.. they take the tags directly from your main
content. I was just looking to see if I could find any forum posts or
anything related that may be able to assist you. You can also check the
accurate steps given by google themselves here https://goo.gl/XoICP6
This is something Google offers, so it is not something we support
directly. They do have a help link at the top of their page though that
should be able to assist you. Are you looking at trying to increase your
Search Engine Optimization rank? If so, I can provide some info to help.
I am trying to do that. Data highlighting seemed like one decent option.
Here is our support page on SEO and I have a more specific one that can
offer some guidance as well: And here is the specific page I mentioned:
every little helps! ;) If you read through some of that information I am
sure it will help you in developing your site to be favorable to the
Google Ranks. one thing i noticed is that my description in search
results is just the first few lines of my post. Better to hand-craft
them I guess? Yes you are correct. The sites I sent you can also make
some suggestions for that. And in regards to the Google Search Console,
you can still contact them and see if they can offer some advice on how
to fix the problem for you. ok. Great. Thanks for your help. :) You're
welcome. Is there anything additional I can help with? i think that's it
for now. TY. I'm going to move along and help the next user in a moment.
But if you ever have any other questions, please open up chat and let us
know! :) Very sorry Great I will fill out any way the meta tags and see
what difference it will make Thanks again for your help No worries :)
Please come back if you have any further queries. We will be most glad
to help Ok Thanks I thought when I originally set the website up, it had
some options for some SEO. How do I do that? Hi there! One moment please
while I open up your account real quick. THanks Thanks for your
patience! Okay, and you're referring to ministoragehub.com? Just making
sure you're still with me? OKay, great! Just making sure. :-) So we do
have more advanced SEO tools for users on the Business plan, while your
site is on the Premium plan. What were you wanting to do, if I may ask?
Maybe there's a workaround we can suggest. Just some basic seo, nothing
fancy. I thought I saw a place where I could index with the different
search engines Well, you actually don't have to do anything to get your
site indexed on all the major search engines like Google, Yahoo, etc. It
can take a few weeks (6-8, roughly) for the search engines to index your
site if it's new, and then after that it will regularly \crawl\ it for
new content and update their search results accordingly. okay, do I get
any basic seo with the premium plan? WordPress was built with SEO in
mind originally, and in addition to just relying on search engines to
find your site organically, we also automatically submit your sitemap to
the search engines. oh, okay So SEO isn't actually a feature per se but
more like actions you can take to optimize the visibility of your site.
Things like writing more content (the more relevant keywords, the
better), having descriptive article titles, adding images, maybe even
adding video (search engines love video!), and making sure that your
site loads fast and doesn't have any fancy scripts that slow down its
load time...all of those contribute to your visibility and rankings. is
their any promotional prices for the business plans? Not at this time,
no, but we do offer a 30-day refund if you decide to downgrade your plan
back to Premium. okay I will see what we would like to do. Thank you for
your help If you want to try and do your own SEO without upgrading, I
recommend reading our support page on how to do just that:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ You're so welcome! Feel free to
open a new chat if you need further assistance! :-) Hi, my name is
Joshua. I was doing some testing where I tried to search for my sit on
yahoo and google and somehow it doesn't show up Hi, Joshua! Are you
referring to the site http://brosinchristc.blog? Gotcha. Is that a new
site, by any chance? yeah, I haven't posted anything as yet but I'm just
trying to see what would happen if someone was looking for the site
Gotcha. So it can take search engines 6-8 weeks (roughly) to index new
sites, and unfortunately that's not something we can control. We do
submit automatically your sitemap to the search engines to help their
bots index your site properly, but it's up to them to take that info and
add it to their database. Also, once they *do* index your site,
depending on what keywords people use to search for your particular
topic of subject, you may not show up on the first page or even first
few pages of search engine results if they're using a popular keyword.
ok but can they choose not to index a site? Possibly. I think they do
that if they catch you doing things that are a no-no, or what's known as
black hat SEO. Like hidden backlinks, for example. You'd have to be
really aggressive about black hat SEO to get banned from search engines.
I've heard it happen (I remember when a big car company -- I think it
was Volkswagen? -- that was delisted for awhile for engaging in that.
Here's a quick description of what black hat SEO is:
http://www.wordstream.com/black-hat-seo But otherwise, I doubt you have
to worry about that. :-) If you're interested, you might want to check
out our quick support page on how search engines work and index sites:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ Oh ok, good to know but
I don't intend on doing anything bad, just simple motivational quotes I
intend to share, Ah, okay. I didn't think so. :-) You'd be spending way
more time than you probably want to engaging in black hat SEO for
anything to happen. Yeah, as long as your site is publicly visible, it
will get indexed. Post often, write often, promote your content on all
your social networks, and you'll climb your way up the search engine
rankings. Ok, thank for the info. I was here beginning to wonder if
something was wrong with my site, but thanks a lot. You're so welcome!
I'm glad to put your mind at ease on that. :-) Is there anything else I
can help you with right now? Oh at the moment nothing really, but thank
you once again I'd be willing to give a feedback :) You're so welcome! I
think there's a feedback form once we end this chat, so you'll have that
chance to do just that. :-) Have yourself a great day! You know where to
find us if you need us again. ;-) Hi, I just set up my website, but it
still not showing up when somebody searches for it. I guess I still have
to 'click' something else, but don't know what. Thanks I can see that
you registered your domain 5 days ago. Appear on searches will depend on
search engines and it can take days, maybe weeks to index your site on
their databases and start appearing on search results But seems like
Google already found your homepage:
https://www.google.com.br/search?q=site%3Ancirclewellness.com=site%3Ancirclewellness.com
mmm, I hadn't been able to see it before. Maybe now is up and running,
thx I want to take my blog to the next step. It deserves a larger
readership [\deserves\ ha!] But how do I post links to my published
stories? How do I make it look more professional? I haven't even opened
my \Blogging for Dummies\ b/c I hate reading directions :P Where are you
wanting to post links to your published stories? Well, on my blog page?
IDK... I'm not sure I understand. When you publish blog posts, they will
automatically show up on the frontpage of your site. Do you want them to
show up somewhere else too? OK, what I want is to give links to my
essays published on Parents Co. or MAW or Lunch Ticket, etc Ok, so
you're wanting other sites to share your posts to increase readership,
is that right? AND people read my blog posts on FB, and comment there
... they don't follow me or comment on my blog site Can i hire you to do
this for me? I am a lazy biatch Unfortunately that's a tricky problem to
solve. There's not a way to disable comments on Facebook, so
unfortunately if they want to have the conversation there they can,
instead of on the site. We don't have a service where we network with
other blogs/sites to share your content, but we do have a Reader service
that is built-into all WordPress.com sites, so your posts are showing up
there. You can also connect it so that your posts automatically share on
social media networks for you. As far as sharing to other
websites/blogs, it's mostly done manually, emailing the editors usually.
Ummm.... no, not that I just want my followers to see my other stories
and how do I eventually get paid advertisers? Right now users can search
your site or click on the archive links to get to your other posts. Also
your posts can come up in search engines depending on what people search
for and the competition out there. And I totally do not understand tags
and the other thing With a WordPress.com site, you can sign up for
WordAds program, that would add ads to your site so that you can earn
from the impressions and/or clicks. You can use Tags to set keywords on
your posts, so usually we recommend 10-15 tags that are relevant to the
post. Oh! cool. And is it rude to not follow everyone who follows me?
There are a few creepy guys.... I don't think it's rude. I only follow
blogs that I am interested in. I don't really know enough to ask the
right questions. But thank you! Alright, if you come across anything
else you need help with or have questions about, just let us know :)
Hello again - back for more expert advice :) \n\nOn a google search my
website title name comes up as \Site Title\, how can I change this? I am
aware that on the the customizer it has site identity and a box for site
title but this just adds it to my pages? Please advise WP wizards One
moment while I check your site title. ty Yep, the Customizer > Site
Title and Tagline is what Google uses in its search results for your
site Also, since you are on Business plan, you can use SEO Tools:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ Using SEO Tools, you can add
front page meta description. Oh lovely - added bonus I guess excellent,
so that would be keywords for search engine Yep, they are not exactly
keywords, but you can add in keywords there. I also suggest you check
this SEO webinar we recorded recently: https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 It
has more tips on how to improve your site's SEO. It is a 40 minute
watch, but I am sure you will love it. Great, ok I will give it all a
go! Sounds good. Just added the tagline and refreshed by brower but its
still the same? my browser* Oh yeah, it is normal. Google updates the
site title next time it crawls your site. Oh so tomorrow it should be
there ? Google indexes sites at its convenience. Meanwhile it uses the
results from the dashboard it stored from the last time. oh I see It is
hard to say when exactly Google visits your site again. It take anywhere
from few days to few weeks, depending on when Google indexed your site
last time. So no wonder I cant see it yet. No worries, least I know now
:) Check the webinar. It answers some of the common SEO questions like
this. Wonderful! I also had a problem added the google maps API? adding*
Oh, okay. What are you trying to do with Google Maps? Just have my
location at the bottom of my page Ah okay. Let me check your Contact
Info widget. widget at the bottom I guess Looks like you are yet to add
the widget to your site. I added it yesterday and removed it as my site
is live ha I have just added it and the API again Ah I see. Not to worry
I will do this tomorrow instead :) its getting late! ha Okay. When you
are ready to work again, use this guide to generate the API key:
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/embed/guide#api_key
Have you seen this guide already? I looked at another site but yes I
will refer to this when I next get a chance. Sweet. Here are the
instructions anyway: Go to
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/embed/guide#api_key\n\n
Click on the blue “GET A KEY” button.\n\n In the opened box, click on
“Select or create project”.\n\n Click on “Create a new project”\n\n
Enter a name for your project. It can be anything.\n\n Click on “CREATE
AND ENABLE API”\n\n Copy the key and paste it in the “Google Maps API
Key ” text box on the widget.\n You will get a transcript of our chat in
your email whymarkandson@icloud.com, with links to everything we have
discussed here today. \n\nIf you have more questions after going through
the steps, feel free to open a new chat.\n\n Thanks very much! Have a
good day/evening You too have a great evening. Bye :) Hello, I am trying
to verify my ownership of my site on Google's Search Console, but I do
not know how to upload HTMLs etc. Please help me verify! Rather than the
HTML file, you need to use the \HTML meta\ or \meta tag\ method (same
thing, not sure exactly what term they use these days) It's a code that
you can then add here: wordpress.com/settings/traffic Thank you! So easy
and all done! Cool. You're welcome! I would like connect my book with
google. can you tell me how to get more exposure. thank you Hi there!
I'm happy to help with that. Are you selling your book online somewhere
currently? If so, you can link to where you're selling it, and direct
people there to buy it. You can do that by placing an image of the book
on the site and adding a link to that. Or you can use just a text link.
To get more people on your site in the first place, we have some
suggestions for that... You may find the following documents
helpful:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/\n\nTo expedite things,
I'd also recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ In addition,
we use Tags and Categories on your site to promote your blog (if you are
writing a blog) to other WordPress.com users:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/topics/ Let me know if you have any
additional questions! Hello I want to create a mini bio for my website
when p[eople search for the website on google.\n\nfor example:
https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=gal+dem=utf-8=utf-8_rd=cr=6drmWI37F8bNgAbSqrCIAg\n\nHow
it says 'gal-dem is a vibrant online magazine written by women of colour
for all to explore!' \n\nHow do i do this? I am glad to check this for
you. Please give me a minute to open your site and check what's going
on. I understand what you are asking. As your site is on Premium plan,
and has posts page as the front page, Google uses your site's Tagline in
its description. Let me search for your site in Google and see what
comes up. Did you change the tagline lately? I see \We took a little
breather and are now back with the Levile Monologues for 2017!…\ which
is the excerpt of one of your posts. yes I changed the tagline in hope
it would appear in google but it did not Oh yeah. The tagline will be
updated next time Google indexes your site. The changes are rarely
instant in Google. and what you just said about took a little breather..
is correct but i would prefer the tagline to show on google and not on
the website do you understand what I mean? Google shows the description
form its database. So until it updates its database, you still see the
old description. Yep, I got you. So ive just added the site title but on
the website it looks HUGE and I dont want it to show on the website just
the google search how do i amend this? In the Site Identity panel where
you added the title, you will see \Display Site Title and Tagline\
option. Disable it. Then your site title and tagline won't be shown on
the site, yet they are presented to Google to use in its search
description. this is not available to se It looks like this:
https://db.tt/j0GBzbkA0K see' Are you able to find it? cant open the
link you sent mate Can you click again here: https://db.tt/j0GBzbkA0K
driobox is not working currently on this pc Oh, you don't need dropbox
in the pc to see the link. Let me share through other means. How about
this link: https://cloudup.com/cx6XQOzW577 seen it now Did you find the
\Display Site Title and Tagline\ option in your Customizer? yup haha but
i want the tagline Okay, no worries! just not the site title on the
homepage I can give you custom CSS to hide the site title, and keep the
tagline. wicked In the Customizer, open the CSS panel and add this CSS:
h2.site-title {\n display: none;\n} After you add the CSS, click on the
blue Save & Publish button at the top right corner of the Customizer
window. on a seperate line? or where it says 5 *. You can remove all the
content in the editor and just add the CSS. It is just a welcome message
in the editor. You don't need it. next stage? After you save the CSS,
visit your site. The site title should be gone now. I see the site title
is hidden on your site now. Well done :) eyyy cheers mate No problem :)
but will it appear on google thats the maiin thing? Yep, it should
update in Google eventually. It really depends on when does Google
Monster crawls your site again :) It can take anywhere from few days to
few weeks :) We are at the mercy of Google here :) okie dokie! very true
Sweet then! great help mate thats it been a pleasure dealing with you 5
*! I appreciate it. cheerio Hi , can you help me Hi there! I'm happy to
help :) hey i am having a wordpress website I want to add pages like
page numbers to navigate from one page to another no page link ... but
pages Sure - like to separate one page into multiple that you click
through? I am uanble to do with this theme please can u help me like my
first page featured recioes need to divide into 3 pages 5 recipes on
each page can u help me Yep! Let me take a look at your site. Just a
moment, please. :) ok .. sure Ok, so what you can do is after the 5th
recipe on your featured recipes page, add the Next Page shortcode. That
creates a link to page 2, which will continue with more recipes, and so
on. You may want to take a look at this support page, as it will give
you step-by-step instructions:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/nextpage/\t It will then have links
just like on that support document, where you see \Pages: 1 2 3 View
All\ I did tried that but its not working this is the second time i am
askign for help Ah, it looks like it may have been centered, which adds
some code that may make it not work. Let me test removing that. Just a
moment.. u checked ? Hi there, I am still testing this. Thanks for your
patience! :) Hi , I need a help on words ad .. why is my words Ad
application not eligible .. failing to understand I am still testing
your issue with the pagination, but happy to take a look at that when I
have the chance I see ads on your site now, how are those appearing/
please set this pagination , i really request on this ... will really
appreciate if u can fix it Is that some code you added? no i just moved
to premium now i need one more help no i didn't add any code From what I
can see your theme is not properly set up to use the code no .. i need
one more help so how do i set it up correctky I am able to add it to
other themes in my tests, but not to the eventrbite theme you are using
now can u fix it .. please its really urgent I am going to have our
engineering team take a closer look here, and I will update you when I
know more. eventrbite is having a bug in it I am not sure when this
would be fixed, but it may be several days until it is addressed its
unable to add pagination so manually can we add pagination when will
this get fix The theme authors would need to address this issue directly
can u addressed it please to the theme author its a very basic
requirement I can't offer a timeline for when this will be fixed, but I
can email you as soon as I know its creating unneccesary issue to my
viewers ok .. done will wait ' also the next query You can also instead
use a different theme if this is very urgent, but there is nothing I can
do on my end to speed up the resolution can u suggest any good theme
with pagination and for food blogs If I can ask, why are you not adding
your recipes at blog posts, instead of creating a standard page with
pagination coz i tried many .but i am not happy though yes , thats my
next query The reason I ask is because if you entered each recipe as
it's own blog post, you would be able to display more advertisements how
to move all these pages to the blog post any shortcut They would need to
be copied and pasted manually coz now I have around 150 pages There is
not a tool to automate this process I can't sit n do it manually this
would be a big problem The problem with how your site is set up now is
that it's only possible to insert one ad per page... and in this case
you would be losing out on a lot of ad impressions any other way please
how do i set up many ads ? So even if we were to fix the pagination
issue, I would still recommend converting your recipes to blog posts...
so that you can get more ad earnings whats the solution To copy your
content from pages (as they are now) to blog posts so u mean to say that
each n every page i manually set it to a blog even images will get copy
??? You will need to open the page in your editor, and copy each recipe
into it's own blog post By hand. There is no other way christ so many
pages Well it sounds like you do want to run ads, yes? I do If so you
will also want to maximize the earnings you see And the way your site is
set up now, it is not very well optimized for that so if i move it to
blog my website will look the same You are showing fewer ads that you
could if you used blog posts means website will have a same look Similar
look, yes Here is how blog posts look on the demo site:
https://eventbritevenuedemo.wordpress.com/blog/ Where each entry is a
separate blog post And then you would be able to control easily how many
blog posts appear on each \page\ now i have one query so whenever i want
to insert new page I need to add both in blog and page ? No, you would
want to switch And not use pages anymore But use only blog posts instead
ok .. now i am confuse can u show me how my blog page look currently
right now ? Looks like you started things off on the wrong foot by
adding everything as pages But instead it would be better if you did not
use pages at all And used blog posts instead The only way to \show\ you
that is for you to create blog posts on your site There is no way to
preview the way a blog would look otherwise ok .. this is big news for
me Pages will be okay if you don't mind the site laid out as it is now,
but Posts allow you to use Categories and Tags to let your visitors sort
by topic, so that's a better option usually for this type of content
when you have a lot of it. so now I m confuse Posts will also mean
you'll have one ad per recipe, since each recipe will be its own Post.
Having 5 on one page means only one ad is shown for all of them
combined. please suppose if i write a new blog how will I share that on
facebook like i have one blog You can connect your Facebook account to
your site, and when you publish a new blog post, it will publish to your
Facebook page if you want it to. You can also paste in the link to the
post, if you would rather it not happen automatically. We have more
information about that here, if you are curious:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/publicize/ ok .. now one last thing I
just earned 0.05 cent can i know the reason how ? Sure - so payment
depends on how many visitors you have, and they are also different
depending on the country the viewer is visiting from. For example, we’re
paid in dollars per thousand impressions in the US, but we’re only paid
in cents per thousand impressions in the Middle East. Unless you have
the same exact number of visitors from the same countries every single
month, you’ll never be able to calculate a consistent rate just by
Earnings vs. Impression totals. hmmm now if i move all my pages to blogs
do you think it will create any difference I am thinking of doing it as
soon as possible i should share my blogs on facebook , twitter or any
social media to get more traffic ? Yes, it may. Where does most of your
site traffic come from - what countries? Social media is always a good
way to get more traffic :) phillipinese uSA Canada I get very less
traffic like 12 to 17 users actually fed up I m working day n night
Great - the US and Canada will be paid more for ads than the
Philippines. I can share some other ideas with you for increasing
traffic.. yes please i need your help You may find the following
documents helpful about optimizing your site for search
engines:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/\n\nTo expedite things,
I'd also recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ That's a lot
of information, but if you have any questions let me know. You'll
receive an email transcript of this chat to refer to later as well. :)
ok .. thk you so much for your help really appreciate You’re welcome! I
hope that helps. If you have any additional questions let me know, or
you can find us again at https://wordpress.com/help I guess to set
google webmaster and SEI SEO i need to be on business plan ? To set up
Google Analytics and advanced SEO you would need to be, but Webmaster
Tools and basic SEO is available to anyone. That article shows how to
add it to your site. :) will check thanks a lot Google Analytics is
advanced stats about visitors, it doesn't help your SEO i bugged u a lot
u have been really patient with me You’re welcome! No problem at all -
we are happy to help. I hope you have a great day/night :) u too Hi,
\n\nI just changed my theme. I want to remove the social media menu to
locations other than underneath the primary menu. Is there a way? Hi
there! I'm happy to help with that. Let me take a look at your site.
Just a moment, please. :) Is that the Instagram and Search icons I see
there currently? I want to move the instagram somewhere else I only want
to leave the search button there Thanks! No, it looks like that's the
only option for those to appear. It may be possible to add more space
there, if the spacing is an issue, but it can't be moved elsewhere on
the page I'm afraid. my previous theme dyadb allows Each theme is a
little different in where it displays items. I checked the theme's
instructions, and the only option in Patch is under the main menu:
https://wordpress.com/theme/patch/ btw what is css? CSS is a type of
website code used to further customize the style of a page. It can be
used for things like color, spacing, and fonts. You can't really use it
to move things radically on a page, just tweak them slightly. We have
more information here about it, if you're interested:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/custom-design/css-basics/ last, do you
know if we can buy viewers/ visitors? We don't recommend doing that -
many times that will cause you to lose credibility with the search
engines, and they may 'blacklist' your site from results. Instead, you
might consider running some ads on search engines to buy a space nearer
the top, use some SEO strategies to grow your traffic, or social media
ads to drive traffic from sites like Facebook and Twitter. If you are
interested in increasing traffic to your site, you may find the
following documents
helpful:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/\n\nTo expedite things,
I'd also recommend you set up Google Webmaster tools for your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Hi I was
wondering how I can make my website more responsive in google search as
it is currently on the 5th or 6th page when I search. I would like
advise in relation to adding key search words. Thanks, Lisa. Hello there
Lisa! No worries, this is an automatic process. Google does not index
(makes your blog visible) immediately, you will have to wait until the
search engine decides to check your site (normally can take up to a
month) to include it or escalate positions. Also your site is pretty
new, you have to keep writing quality content and be constant to show up
as a relevant search when people looks for certain terms. We recommend
that you connect your site via Publicize to your social media and share
content to make it more visible, here's how:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/publicize/ I have the plugin SEO \nWhat
can I fill out. Meta Title is automatically taken by the Wordpress CSM;
Meta description I can fill out. Can I fill out also Meta TAGS? I work a
lot on SEO but my website is not doing very great in Google I can
certainly look into this for you and offer you some information to help
with your SEO rank as well. Wordpress is the most know CSM and I am very
satisfied with the module. Only SEO results can be better. Maybe it is
because the Wordpress website is not turning on our own server but on
the online server of Wordpress;com I can give you some information about
SEO first and then I can try and answer questions about the plugin. This
is our main SEO support site, and it can offer information on how to
increase your rank: I also have another site that can help with your
content and how to make it most appealing to Google: So you mentioned
that you have the SEO Plugin. What is the name of the Plugin or is it
just SEO Plugin? Business packet SEO plugin In blogs I can fill out
categories, meta description and meta tags I see that those pages are
better indexated by Google than my main pages of the website
https://permanentmakeupperfection.com/ Okay that's interesting. The site
will be pretty static in general. to keep the site active is a blog the
best way to ensure the site shows up. Also I will try to publicize the
site. Meta description is filled out in all pages unther the 160
caracters Yes you were mentioning Meta Tags. You can add those tags and
that will help as well. Meta tags are snippets of text that describe a
page's content; the meta tags don't appear on the page itself, but only
in the page's code. I will read those two website pages you just send me
Where can I add meta tags? Indeed! The content and making it visible via
sharing is the way to go, Anything else I can help you with for the
moment? Sorry, I thought you had mentioned in the beginning that there
was a field for that. there is a field for meta description Have you
been tagging your posts with key words? Google will pull from those
tags. So for SEO important is Title, meta description and than also Meta
Tags The pages I sent will talk about that as well, the importance of
tagging. Yes but content is important as well. You will find those sites
a great resource with information on what Google looks for. Yes Post of
the blog are tagged with keywords. there is a space provided for that,
as also meta descripton en even categories wich are add at the top of
the page Ok great. Looks like you're not around, I'm closing this chat
window for the moment, but please feel free to open a new one if you
have any further question, you'll receive a copy of our conversation in
your email. Have a great day! Those will be helpful as well. Therefor
the blogs are well taken But the main pages of the website less good
taken bij Google Great. It sounds like you are on the right track. There
is no space for filling out meta tags or I don't see it Does is exist M
Well I will read first those to links you sent me and then I will get
wiser and see what I can improve more Is this website also made in
Wordpress www.atlaskliniek.com ? Yes if you read over those sites,
especially the second one, that will help with some advice on what you
can do with your main page that you mentioned. I just took a look at the
code for that site and they do appear to use WordPress. No I will read
the pages first and learn more to get better en better I will discover
probably more to get in action with and than improve my main pages
Sounds good, if you have any further questions, please feel free to come
back to chat. It is really strange that our website is not getting in
the first 5 results with the key words : permanent make up We have the
most important website about permanent make up in Belgium I will read
now the information to get there You're welcome. I hope that information
helps. Enjoy your day. I'm thinking about upgrading to the business plan
but was wondering what would happen to the money I previously paid for
the personal plan? I am really just interested in SEO and this is not
available with the personal plan.... what are my options? Hey there! :)
When you go to sign up for the Business plan, we'll automatically
pro-rate the price to take into account your existing payments. You can
see that happening, here: https://wordpress.com/plans/njhealthyhomes.com
Awesome. Is that the best/only way for me to get SEO options?
WordPress.com comes with a lot of search engine optimizations baked
right in, for any of our plans. The Business plan includes these
specific tools, here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ We
have more info on the SEO optimizations that WordPress.com comes with by
default, here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ But, yes,
if you were looking for the specific tools at the first link above, a
Business plan is the way to go. Is there any way to keep the cost down-
doing SEO a la carte maybe? I don't bring in any money with blog yet and
am not sure I can afford the full expense of the business plan (which is
why I went with the personal up fornt) *front Unfortunately, we don't
offer features a la carte - I'm sorry about that. You could always
consider building out your site first, then making the decision to
upgrade at a later time. Okay, I was just thinking that the SEO might
help to build my site and I'm not sure I get the SEO through my domain
provider at a lesser price as I'm hosting through wordpress... As the
site is hosted by WordPress.com, your domain provider's SEO tools
wouldn't work - they'd need direct access to your site to do anything.
gotcha... I had a feeling that may be the case We do have a lot of
search engine optimizations built into WordPress.com, though, without
needing the Business plan. If you haven't, I'd check out the blog post
above, it describes it in detail. The Business plan's SEO tools are
those specific ones. :) okay great thanks so much for your help! I
appreciate it! Absolutely, always happy to help in any way I can =) Have
a great day! Please sort out the problem..... my friend has the plan as
i have techuneed.com He used the theme colormag But why can't i? But now
i went and searched the same theme,but it's not available,WHY? Your
friend has a self-hosted website, he is not using WordPress.com. There
are two versions of WordPress - WordPress.com and WordPress.org.
WordPress.com is a hosted version of WordPress where we take care of
your website's security, updates and maintenance while you can focus on
your content. At WordPress.com, the installation of plugins and themes
is not allowed. However, we have lots of built-in plugins and a variety
of themes to choose from.\n On the other hand, WordPress.org websites
are self-hosted and require that you purchase your space on the web with
a hosting company and you are the one who needs to take care of the
website's security, updates and maintenance. WordPress.org allows you to
install custom plugins and themes.\n More details on the differences
between WordPress.com and WordPress.org you can find in the link
below:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ NO HE IS USING
WORDPRESS.com only The website techuneed.com is using a self-hosted
version WordPress, not WordPress.com Who's hosting? When you look at his
DNS you will see that his domain is directed to a self-hosted server:
https://toolbox.googleapps.com/apps/dig/#ANY/techuneed.com Not
WordPress.com How should i do it? The theme you are looking to use is
intended for the self-hosted version of WordPress.org. WordPress.com
does not allow themes to be uploaded for security reasons. We do have
over 300 amazing themes available at http://wordpress.com/themes\n i
have applied for wordads Ok, let me check your application status. From
what I see you applied 19 hours ago, your website is still being
reviewed, as soon as the WordAds team will finish reviewing your website
they will send you and email. How long will it take? Sorry, I am not
able to determine an exact time. fine How can I increase the Traffic in
my website? Yes I can assist you with this. You are looking to increase
your Search Engine Optimization Rank is that correct? Great, I can
definitely give you some great resources to help with your site, things
that you can do to increase that rank. Make the stats hit high Here is
our main site that can offer information on SEO. I can also send you
another that is more specific. If you read through those, there are some
great suggestions on how to increase your rank. Can i add infolinks to
my website? I am just looking into this for you. Infolinks are ads is
that right? You would not be able to add infolinks to your site, but we
do have ways to monetize your site. I can send you a support page with
more information: https://en.support.wordpress.com/monetize-your-site/
If there is anything additional we can do to help, please let us know.
The way how to set up a Wordpress website is really use-friendly, day by
day I figure out and learn new things.\nMy website does not appear in
the Google Search Engines, how come?\n\nThanks,\n\nFriendly
regards,\n\nJaimy Hello there Jaimy! Is normal! Google does not index
(makes your blog visible) immediately, you will have to wait until the
search engine decides to check your site (normally can take up to a
month) to include it. Also your site is pretty new, you have to keep
writing quality content and be constant to show up as a relevant search
when people looks for certain terms. Does this makes sense? Anything
else I can help you with? How to activate email subscriber list to get
more traffic Hey there! Hiya You can use the Follow Blog Widget to get
more user to sign up and follow your blog. We have a support article for
you, so you could set it up -
https://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/follow-blog-widget/ How can I
do that? Do you know where you wish to put this Widget on your website?
Oh, I just checked your website and I can see it already active. You
have a lot of followers. :O It is this widget. (screenshot -
http://i.imgur.com/8yyJ1zY.png) Also, I saw that you are using Publicize
feature, which is great to attract more visitors to your blog. Sorry I'm
back Did you manage to see what I wrote? Can you recommend where cos I'm
not too sure where I would put it You have it already on your Front
Page. Here is the screenshot - http://i.imgur.com/8yyJ1zY.png Did you
say I have a lot of followers? Where can I see that because I don't know
how many followers I have Also, I saw that you are using Publicize
feature, which is great to attract more visitors to your blog. You said
For this reason I want to have more visitor because I ha e not been
achieving any sales from my affiliate programs and it's going me concern
and I think is because I don't have a lot of followers Not even a click
The same widget that I took a screenshot of shows this information and
also your Front Page, when you scroll a bit down the right side here -
https://href.li/?http://sassymirrorbyhildaweb.wordpress.com I can see
that you have almost 5000 followers. Every time you post, they all will
see that post. Me?? Also, the Publicize feature will send your Post out
to different channels, which will show the post to even more people. I
need to see this Yes, you. ;) Please go to this link -
https://href.li/?http://sassymirrorbyhildaweb.wordpress.com No scroll
down and on the right side you will see this heading - \FOLLOW BLOG VIA
EMAIL\. Under that you will see the follower count for your blog. ;) Ok
but what is a Publicize feature? You can read more about the Publicize
feature here - https://en.support.wordpress.com/publicize/ I can see
that you have already activated it and connected several Social Media
channels to your blog. When you publish a new post, then this feature
will send them to the connected social media channels as well. For
example Facebook. Oh yeah i saw that but i taught it was a joke So
really I have 4691 followers? Wow I can't believe it No, this is real.
:) This really made my day Yes, you have. It seems you are creating very
good content and that is why people follow you. You made your day, with
all the great Posts you have been publishing. ;) So my problem is I need
to find a way to make them click and purchase from my affiliate advert
links on my blog ??? I thought I wasn't I will lile this to continue and
even grow more. So this means that people actually have been subscribing
to my blog? Though I thought I was suppose to get a notification on my
email address which I didn't that's why I wasn't sure of how many
followers I have. Let me see this in your account. Maybe some settings
are not ticked. One second. Ok please do My premium site, read'nponder
doesn't show up on Google under a search of my name Shirle bedient. I've
manually submitted it to Google a couple of times. Obviously I need to
change something. What do I have to do/ How did you submit the site? Hi.
Hoping you can help me figure this out. I've been publishing a long time
and am disappointed that Google doesn't list me for this site You can
see the Stats on this Page -
https://wordpress.com/stats/insights/sassymirrorbyhilda.com Google's URL
site That's super frustrating! Let me take a look at your site really
quickly At the bottom you can see the Followers you have on
WordPress.com and other services as well. one clue is that I think it
shows up under read'nponder search but I forgot to check that Everything
looks good on your site! So this is what I think is going on.
read'nponder will show up as a search. But Google thinks that
read'nponder is a typo, and corrects it. Same with readnponder What's
the solution? Yes not I can see it better I do want it to show up in a
Google search under both the blog title and my name I couldn't see the
Publicize like this before Honestly, I don't know. You're doing
everything correctly. It just seems like Google doesn't like your blog's
name :-( Thank tou You My pleasure. One more thing about this same topic
Yes? Can you even rename the site? I have been self educating myself
about how to grow traffic ,SEO We can do that... but I'm checking some
other options here :) Thanks. I appreciate that Sure! Just give me a
second to see what else I can find How is it going? And I cane across
what they call landing page, landing page template, pop ups I think I
don't have the SEO included in my WordPress blog SEO is a tricky thing,
but all the themes showcased on WordPress.com have been built SEO in
mind. As for the landing page I would like to promote myself with my
Facebook and Instagram so people can click in with exchange of their
email address and I can start monetizing my blog with the landing page
and email subscriber list We have a a wonderful on all things SEO, which
you can find on this link - https://dailypost.wordpress.com/ I found
this:
https://www.internetmarketingninjas.com/blog/branding/prevent-google-from-thinking-name-misspelling/
May be worth a try Is it possible for me to change the site name from my
admin panel or not? If I may, then I would suggest a MailChimp Subscribe
form, so you could create a mailing list and then send them the
information you want. We have a wonderful article on that here -
https://en.support.wordpress.com/mailchimp/ It will guide you through
how you can activate it on your Blog. This way you can do direct
marketing to your mailing list. Also, the above Daily Post Blog will
give you hundreds of tips on how to improve blogging. Ok I will.do that.
I have to wrong back to work. My break is over lol?. Thank you so much
for the explanation I'm really grateful You can add a new domain name
from here: https://wordpress.com/domains/add Run back to work I meant
Any time. All the best to you and your blog. ;) So do I have to pay for
that change? Do you do chats later this evening so I can ask when I'm
doing the mailchimp stuff My site renews May 5 I think Thank you and you
too I'll throw some WordPress.com credits your way if you just want to
add a new domain :) We have 24/7 chat coverage. If I am not here, then
someone else definitely is and can help you out. Is that name registered
with WP or do I have to go somewhere else to buy a new one You can do it
here.. It makes it easier I wish I could transfer my GoDaddy domain to
WP too but I was told I couldn't Will a copy of this chat be saved
somewhere so I can access those links? We can't accept incoming domain
transfers. But you can still use that domain name for a WordPress.com
site. It will just need to be mapped. that domain is mapped to WP
already shirlebedient.com (And I'll email you this chat when we're done)
Yeah, I see shirlebedient.com now :) Thanks for your help. So do you
think if I rename the site I should put my name in the title to make the
site more compliant with Google? That's a tough call. Honestly, I'd try
and \teach\ Google the way you spell your site. How do I do that (In
that link there are some methods) OK, I'll check that out. So glad you
were there this morning to help. Thanks Sure! Best of luck, and if you
need anything else, feel free to open another chat! Bye, and wish me
luck Fingers crossed for you :-) my wordpress is not showing up in
google feeling stupid New websites can take around 4-6 weeks to start
appearing in search engines, if search engines find your content
relevant. I would suggest reading up some articles from here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo\n\nY You can also configure Google
Search Console to help speed up the
process\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ I already
done that Great! You should concentrate on writing good content, and
tweaking your site. When Google indexes your site in a few weeks, it
should start showing up in results. so you mean i will be able to search
it in few week times? You should be, depending on how Google finds your
content. how long it usually take?withn 1 week? It can be around 4-6
weeks. what if it is still not up? But it can be sooner or later,
depending on many factors we don't know about. We have no control over
how Google indexes your site, so it is completely dependent on them. i
mean what should i do if it is still not up? build a new one? Not
really. You can try modifying your content by researching on the
keywords you want to be found for. Another thing you can do is write
blog posts and share them on social media. I am looking futher to
optimize our Wordpress websites through the roof and I have the
impression some vital things are missing. Our websites
permanentperfection.wordpress.com and
https://maquillagepermanentperfection.wordpress.com/ and
https://permanentmakeupperfection.wordpress.com/. The websites are
hosted on the shared hosting space of Wordpress, is it not better to
host these websites on a dedicated server ourselfse\n\nWe have a
colleuage who has also a Word press website, hosted on a dedicated
server ande this site is optimized with the Yoast WordPress SEO plugin
v1.4.7 - http://yoast.com/wordpress/seo/ \n\nThis website does it 100
times better than our website, although I am working 100 times more to
optimize, blogging three times a week and so an \n\nPlease can you help
me with the correct advice, because we where thinking to change to an
other website, but it would be a shame to leave our three Wordpress
websites. Please read my question carefully to give the right answer I
am going to read over your information now. I red already all the SEO
pages of Wordpress that you hand me over and did all the detail updates
in the back office Ok, you have recently read over all of the SEO
documents that pertain to adjustments you can make with your site is
that right? And this is the main site you are referring to with your SEO
is that correct? We have this mean site ermanentperfection.wordpress.com
But for every language we have a apart mean site English and French I ve
read all the SEO documents of Wordpress handed over by you Added
everywhere name description Blog pages are doing it better in SEO,
because they have name Title, name description and Tags you can add But
adding tags to the main pages is not possible Yes you are right, and the
constant new posts is what Google likes as well. What is WordPress SEO
plugin v1.4.7 - http://yoast.com/wordpress/seo/ ?? Google actually
doesn’t rely on tags or categories. So it is fine that you cannot add
tags there. I am posting three new posts every week since the start up
of our website, which is existing more than a 1,5 year Have you read
over this page before?
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ If you
scroll down there is a section on: Smart ways to increase your SERP
rank\n Yes I red it and there is a space in the SEO module to add the
slug description Shall I fill out all those slugs? Yes that would help
as well. There are so many different things that can help, it is hard to
try to do them all, but as many as you can do from suggestions from
these sites, it all helps! and hosting our Wordpress websites on a
dedicated server will that help a lot or not Believe me it is hard to
try to do them all, but I am doing it. I will check after our chat all
the slugs With my effort we should be in the top 3 of SEO resulst in the
Permanent Make-up business in Belgium I think hosting them the way you
are right is fine. And that would be great if your effort paid off that
way. :) This can also help you dig into the stats as well It helps to
know where traffic comes from, etc. \nAnd this, WordPress SEO plugin
v1.4.7 - http://yoast.com/wordpress/seo/ ,which I found in
www.atlasklinie.com in souce code of the home page That would be a
plugin that they have installed. You have SEO tools as well as part of
your Business Plan: Ok Thanks, I'll check everything again in detail and
wait one month to see how Google is reacting on my changements and
upgrading our website in index SEO results You're welcome. You should
see great improvement in the next month if you have made so many
changes. And if there is anything additional we can help with, please
feel free to come back to chat. Ok have a nice Sundqy Sunday You as well
I use my site as my business website and not just a blog. I would like
to increase my SEO for my business and show up on google searches and
local maps when people search for my services (acupuncture, health
coaching etc...). Please advise. Thank you! I can certainly provide you
with some information that can help. I see you do have our Business
Plan, so you do already have our built in SEO tools. I don't think so?
Maybe, I'm not sure. I can give you some information on the SEO tools
you would have access to as well as some other sites that can offer ways
to increase your rank: Here is the SEO Tools site: Here is our SEO
support page, that has some great links of information off of it. And
lastly here is a great site that offers tips regarding what will and
won't help increase SEO: If you have any questions along the way you can
always ask us and we would be happy to help. Those pages offer some
great information that should help you get started. Is there anything
additional I can do to help? I need help understanding SEOs and driving
traffic to my page as well as setting up E-commerce on our reservation
page using our PayPal account I can provide some information first on
SEO. You have our SEO Tools as part of your business plan. Have you
received any support page information regarding how those work, etc?
Hey!! \n\nI totally can't get my head around google analytic and SEO -
Is there a course/some training on these things? particularly the SEO
and to drive traffic x sure, we have some tips for that, see:\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/\n-
video course \Everything You Need to Know About SEO and Marketing for
Your Website\ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU7uxbngrq4 I want to take
my blog to the next level. another question: does the business account
allow for affiliated links occasionally ? yes, we allow affiliate links,
as long as the main goal of your site isn't to drive traffic there,
here's more about our advertising policy
https://en.support.wordpress.com/advertising/ Good afternoon, I would
like to ask how I can help google to find my website by means of the
search words 'nko tervuren'. Is it necessary to add those words to the
text on the website or is it sufficient to mention those words just in
'my profile'? If your content is related to those words, it would be
great to add it to your website. Okay, there are several synonyms
available for my specialty. Normally I use only one, but my patients
might be using an other synonym. So I better use all synonyms in my
website which can facilitate finding it with google? Yes, that would be
better :-) There isn't a background form which I need to complete with
all available synonyms? Just mention everything on my website will be
sufficient? No, we don't have a form for it.\nIt will be necessary to
mention those words on your website content. Then, Google will be able
to read them. Everything with internet stay's very abstract to me...
Probably my questions are a bit strange, but it is really like magic for
me... Haha! Thank you very much for the information and I will add some
words to the website... Have a good day!! Thanks! Have a great day you
too! cannot find my site via Google search Let's test it.. can you
search for site:bellsbeautiesfrenchbulldogs.com on Google searc? *
search just searched it....nothing comes up except other people's
websites with similar names and then my Instagram account it needs to be
searchable when people are just typing in Bells Beauties or Bells
Beauties French Bulldogs that don't have the exact link So, searching
for site : bellsbeautiesfrenchbulldogs.com it'll show only pages from
your site that means that Google already indexed your pages check it
out:
https://www.google.com.br/search?q=site%3Abellsbeautiesfrenchbulldogs.com=site%3Abellsbeautiesfrenchbulldogs.com=chrome..69i57j69i58.2856j0j1
when you type in the exact name it gives this message: Did you mean:
bells beauties french bulldogs then takes you to LillyBelle or a few
other websites So, Google search have 2 steps to start showing your
site.. First it need to index your site, save your pages on his
databases to be able to show it on searches when I type in this: Bell's
Beauties French in the search field...this is what pulls up: French
Bulldogs - LilyBelle
Farms\nwww.lilybellefarms.com/french-bulldogs.html\nLilyBelle French
Bulldogs... Our Girls -. LilyBelle's Hazel Grace - Our chocolate beauty.
Picture. LilyBelle's Madeline Mae - Our pretty cream girl. Picture
...\nBell's Beauties French Bulldogs - Home |
Facebook\nhttps://www.facebook.com/pages/Bells-Beauties-French.../1870331033244814\nBell's
Beauties French Bulldogs. 10 likes · 5 talking about this. Pet.\nBell's
Beauties FrenchBulldogs | WEBSTA - Instagram
Analytics\nhttps://websta.me/n/frenchie_bell\nBell's Beauties
FrenchBulldogs Our Frenchie Parents & Pups AKC Champion Show dogs
spreading joy ? Discount Codes: @frenchie_bulldog ...\nBell's Beauties
FrenchBulldogs (@frenchie_bell) • Instagram photos
...\nhttps://www.instagram.com/frenchie_bell/?hl=en\nBell's Beauties
FrenchBulldogs. Our Frenchie Parents & Pups AKC Show dogs giving daily
smiles 10% Discount Codes: @frenchie_bulldog ...\nBell's Beauties
FrenchBulldogs (@frenchie_bell) | Instagram photos
...\nwww.imgrum.net/user/frenchie_bell/572022703\nImages from Bell's
Beauties FrenchBulldogs on instagram. none of those are my website this
will depends on your platform let it be indexed and WordPress.com let it
be indexed if you search for site : yoursitename.com you'll see every
page google saved in his database once your pages are on google
database, it's google that will decide which sites will appear first and
we can't control this.. It'll depend on your site content, links from
other sites, etc so how long will it take for the site to be searchable
when people are just searching without the exact link? And there is some
techniques called SEO (Search Engine Optimization) that helps you
understand what do to do have better resutls can you help with that? I
need the site to be searchable there is no point in having a website
that people cannot readily find We do not provide SEO support as it
depends on your site content but we have some posts about it that may
help you. You can read it all at https://en.blog.wordpress.com/tag/seo/
what exactly DO you guys help with? I put in a ticket for the photos
that were messed up and you guys never fixed it, so we had to do a
roundabout fix ourselves since you all weren't being helpful in a timely
manner. Now you're saying you won't help with getting it searchable
online. What is the point to having a website through you all if you
cannot provide basic support? As I said, it'll depend on your site
content, not on your site technology at all.. All technical aspects are
already set on WordPress.com but we can't change your site content so,
as it's not something technical from our side, we can't change anything
about that. So you are saying I need to contact Google about this? No,
Google do not provide support on it as he can't guarantee search
positions for anyone. As I said, it's about copyrighting techniques
related to marketing, so if you really want to invest on it you may need
to read and learn more about that techiques or hire an SEO consultant.
ok...so if you're not able to help with my 2 previous issues, can you
help with the video playing issue on the mobile view? only half of the
videos play...the others have a line through them and cannot play even
though they are all under 1 min. I can see that you already have a
ticket about that, let me check it's progress So, seems like to be some
issue that our developers are still checking to solve it unfortunately
I'll not have a time frame to tell you because it's something that
depends on our developers, not our support team how long will it take
you guys have not helped with one single issues I've had so far. Can you
appreciate my frustration? Yes, I really can understand you and I'm sad
to hear that here on this live chat we can relate all issues our users
tell us but we do not work as developers fixing it so we need to pass
that information along and we need our developers to check it and let us
know about a time frame as we don't know all issues they're working on
right now I'm out time and money spent with you all and I've had 3 main
concerns 1. photo distortion 2. website not found 3. videos not playable
and you guys have not fixed or even offered support on any of those
issues About issue 2, your site was found and it's already appearing on
Google searches but we can't control which sites google will decide to
show, so this is not a WordPress.com issue at all Please pass along my
frustration to the Management as well as the developers. This is
unacceptable customer service. I purchased a product from you (my
website) and not even the basic functions are working. About items 1 and
3 I agree it's a WordPress.com issue that we're already working to fix
it. I'll pass along your frustration, fur sure! You're welcome, glad to
help! Be sure that we'll do our best to fix it as soon as we can. I know
it can be frustrating to wait but some problems can be a little harder
to be fixed and demand more time than expected (even by us) Boa tarde,
não estou conseguindo finalizar a configuração, qual é o modelo mais
indicado para veiculos? Hi there! One moment please while I check to see
if one of our Portuguese-speaking Happiness Engineers is available to
chat. :-) Olá! Poderia me dar mais detalhes sobre o que você gostaria de
fazer? olá gostaria de um site responsivo com local pra publicar videos
e com local para compartilhar em redes sociais e com local de escrita de
conteúdo iniciei mas não estou conseguindo finalizar tenho que comprar
um tema mais indicado? Todos os nossos temas já possuem área para
escrita de conteúdo. Em relação ao compartilhamento em redes sociais, é
possível configurar os botões que você deseja exibir em Meu site >
Compartilhamento > Botões de compartilhamento Aqui está o link direto
para essa tela: https://wordpress.com/sharing/buttons/ Sobre o tema, eu
separei uma lista de temas responsivos que temos em nossa biblioteca:
https://wordpress.com/themes/filter/responsive-layout Ótimo isso já
realizei, dos botoes de redes sociais, consigo colocar youtube e
instagran? YouTube e Instagram não permitem compartilhar itens externos
dessa maneira. Por isso não é possível adicioná-los ao site. e o link
pra finalizar vc tem? como finaliza pra já ir ao ar ? e qual escolho pra
computador tablet ou celular? Como assim finalizar? O site
masterveiculos.net já está configurado como público e está online. Não
tem um botão de tremino tipo publicar? O botão publicar só está
disponível quando você estiver editando uma página ou post. Tem algum
que você acredita ser melhor quanto ao modelo pra carros? Esse parece
ser bom: https://wordpress.com/theme/carmack E com relação a busca no
google como faço pra melhorar minha busca ? Será necessário publicar
mais conteúdo em seu site para que o Google encontre seu site. Temos
algumas dicas nesse guia:
https://br.support.wordpress.com/conseguindo-mais-visualizacoes-e-trafego
ótimo, muito obrigada por enquanto. De nada :-) Hi there, how can I help
you today? :) Would you be able to refresh my website so the tagline
updates on Google search? The old one is still showing on Google :( Oh,
Google can take some time to update any information about a site, it
depends on his bots visit your site again and check that something is
different so it's not something we can control from here. You can ask
Google to update informations about your site but to do it you'll first
need to verify your site on Google Search Console. You can do it
following this steps at
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Oh okay. I also tried linuking the site to Facebook and instagram by
pasting the url info but it doesn't go to the social media when I click
on the icons on my website Okay thanks About your social media, you mean
that icons above your logo, right? Yes You can edit it on Customizer (
at wordpress.com/customize) > Menus > Social :) So do I copy and paste
the url address from the social media to the customizer? Yes, exactly!
:) You can edit the ones that are already there and add another custom
links with your social media links! Okay thank you :) Oi I have a
feature image on the services page and it is not coming up anymore, can
you please have a look. and the Our Team page I have feature images on
each of the pages and they are no longer visible, can you please tell me
why?\n I'll try to figure out why that's the case Can you tell me if the
featured images showed on these pages before? yes they did The featured
images are showing in your home page slider.\n\nI have checked the theme
demo and the featured images aren't showing on the single pages in the
demo either, but I'm not sure yet if that's a recent change or it's
supposed to be like that. I'll check the changes to the theme to see
I've checked the theme code and that particular part of code hasn't
changed for this theme in over a year. I think it's intentional that
featured images don't show on single pages. I see you changed from the
Sela theme 3 weeks ago Perhaps it was in that theme that the featured
images showed? ok perfect I thought I might have done something wrong
thanks Also is there anything obvious that I should do to boost the SEO?
I have included page titles and descriptions Nothing obvious from what
I've seen. We have a few articles you can check out linked from here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ They might help. Hi, my site
sometimes appears sometimes not when i search on Google. When it appears
there is no description (the first few lignes underneath) and there is
something written about robot text.... i don't understand. Can you help
me to amke it work for good please. Thank you. Hi there, let me dig into
your site and have a look :) It sounds like you had the site set to
private previously. \nGoogle will take some time to comeback and read
through your site to give you a better site description :) OH? OK so
it's normal...it will be ok very soon, and i don't have to do anything?
You don't need to do anything. They will come and scrape your site
naturally :) and another detail, i wrote on a forum on WordPress
recently, and what i wrote appears when i write my name on Google. is it
possible to take it off please. thank you . ??? I was waiting an
answer... give me a second to look through your chat history :)
yes...thx So you said \I need to change the text behind the name of the
site in google\ correct? Looks like we got disconnected. When you're
ready, feel free to open another chat! yes...correct!! Could you
elaborate I need to change the text behind the name of the site in
google that a bit more? I can try :) when I search in google my website
the name of the site in only Design and the text behind is: Menu. Home ·
Servizi · Contatti · luce. spazio. funzionalità. design. retail.
visibilità. comunicazione. servizio. attesa. atmosfera · can i change
these? Let me check something here... Adding a site title and tagline
will help! https://wordpress.com/settings/general/sintesi-design.com
Usually the text underneath the search we can't control. Google grabs
what it wants to. Hi - Our titles and taglines are running together from
an SEO perspective, so when they show up on Google or Facebook, the two
lines of copy run together. How can I add a space between them so they
show up as 2 different sentences?\n let me try searching your site in
Google, what search terms are you using exactly? Doesn't matter, they
are all coming up without a space. You can look at the URL here and it
shows how they run together:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/privatejetcardcomparisons.com
yes, that is correct, but if you take a look at the preview, they should
be separated with a dash How do I do that? For example, on this page,
how do I separate the site title from the site tagline?
https://wordpress.com/settings/general/privatejetcardcomparisons.com ok,
you shouldn't need to add the space in this tab, but Google should
populate both fields separately. What search terms are using to test
this? It's my client who did it, not me, so I'm not sure. take into
account that if you just changed this, it might take a little while for
Google to have this updated It's been this way since we launched.
Nothing has been updated, Can I send you a screenshot? sure! of what I
see in Google? I have another example in Facebook. How do I send it? oh,
sure! I thought you wanted me to send a screenshot to you (I read
wrongly), sure you can upload the screenshot to your media library This
is what I see on google for example: https://cloudup.com/cMDCrZgpo2F
Take a look at the screenshot I just uploaded. Also, here are examples
of how it's showing up in Google searches: Private Jet Card Comparisons
- Know Before You BuyJetSuite no separation between Buy and JetSuite
Private Jet Card Comparisons - Know Before You BuyCompare over ... No
separation between Buy and Compare ok, let me check at the screenshots
ok, I'm going to need to research this deeper and consult here with our
developers, can I follow up by email? Yes, that would be great -
lweiss320@hotmail.com. thanks, I'll be emailing to you as soon as
possible I appreciate it! thanks and will follow up soon ;) I have two
sites and only want one. Your staff has been incredibly helpful in
helping me decide where to go from here, but I have on final question I
need the answer to. I paid for an upgrade partly from an understanding
that when people google my site (once it's published) they won't see
\Wordpress\ anywhere in the address. In my mind, seeing anything more
than the site and domain name sends the message that I'm only blogging
for fun, which is not the case. So my question is, what... clearly and
specifically... will people see when they google my site. What I'm
aiming at is the subject of their search coming up with
'www.madhatterchatter.com' as the place to find an article, blog piece
on it. Let me review your question. When people Google your site, they
will see the site title and the tagline you set from Customizer > Site
Identity panel. Right now, your site title and tagline are empty. So it
is a good idea to set them now. Please show me an example. I need to
actually see something in front of me to clear up my confusion. Sure,
let me check a site for you. For example, this is what I see when
searching for 'how to make slime' https://tipjunkie.com › Activities for
Kids\nHow to make slime, goo, gak, flubber. What will people see about
my site when looking for their topic? Here is how my test site looks in
Google: https://db.tt/R4DpJ6GFah I'm still not explaining myself well.
No one's going to be looking for 'madhatterchatter'. What will they see
if they search for an article on slime (which I've written about on
madhatterchatter.com) assuming I can somehow get the site to rate highly
on Google. What you said is true. So to impress Google, and appear as
the top search result for \slime\, you really need to write high quality
content on your site consistently. e.g. Someone searches for 'slime'. A
bunch of sites come up that have articles on slime. One of them is on my
website. What will that someone see as the link that leads to my
article? I'm not asking about how to rank, but thanks for that. :) I'm
not asking for how to rank well, but thanks for that info. :) Yep, fair
enough With regards to what they see as the link in Google, if your
article about slime is a blog post, they will see the post title and the
excerpts ( first few lines of the post text) of the post. You can also
add \Excerpts\ (
https://en.support.wordpress.com/splitting-content/excerpts/) to your
posts and pages. \ they will see the post title and the excerpts ( first
few lines of the post text) of the post.\ Yes, but referencing what
website? I search for anything Wordpress has published, and all that
comes up... referencing www.wordpress.com (which is where those articles
are found). If Google finds the article about slime in your website,
then it will show your domain name madhatterchatter.com What will they
see as the website the article and exerpts are found on for an article
on my site? verbalvolcano.wordpress.com is the underlying WordPress.com
site name in which your content resided. verbalvolcano.wordpress.com is
only shown to you in your dashboard. Everyone else including Google will
only see your primary domain madhatterchatter.com in which it finds the
article about slime. Aha! You just 'did it' for me. Thank you!!! I'm out
of breath, well, finger strength, now... but I *really* appreciate your
patience. No problem at all :) If you are really keen to learn about
these things, I suggest you watch this video:
https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 Have a great day. It happens to be my
birthday today, and this is a terrific gift, this final understanding.
This is a webinar on SEO that we recorded recently. Wow, I wish you a
very happy birthday! Hope you are having a great day :) Heading to it
right now. Take care. Glad I could help! I'll close this chat for now.
If you need any additional help, please feel free to start a new chat!
my header image is not fitting. the top gets cut off on laptops and
cells\n and the menu on top gets in the way and cuts off the image, can
i get rid of that? The image is going to get cropped a bit to fit the
image in the header space, and the menu needs to be over the top of the
image to acheive the parralax scroll effect. We can use CSS to move the
header down a bit so it starts at the top of the page, rather than being
centered in the header Although the current image still has the menu
overlap a bit. Or we can try to find another theme that doesn't crop the
image as much, but most themes that have a full-width header will need
to crop a bit Try putting this in the CSS section of the Customizer to
start with:\n\n.custom-header-image { background-position: center top; ]
Sorry, should be:\n.custom-header-image { background-position: center
top; } can you help me.. what do you suggest? Please try adding that CSS
I gave just now to the customizer and see if it helps I did it,, I dont
see any change? part of it is in red like it didnt go through? The red
is okay Try looking at the tablet view, it makes a bigger difference
there include this css in the mobile theme? check that? It won't make
any difference, the mobile theme is a different thing ahh yes, much
better but nothing i can do about regular screen right? cant make the
menu smaller, thinner? Not really, unless you have a copy of the image
with a little bit more sky in it. I'll try that I have a premium
version. How do I add meta data or key words i do not. what about is
there a plugin or an option for an overlay when viewing videos? instead
of them just showing small or full screen? hi there, how are you? Fine
No, we don't have anything like that for videos currently only the
Business plan supports the SEO tools - but to be honest, those things
don't help search rankings these days as much as they used to. the best
thing to get higher rankings now is writing relevant content, and using
keywords in your articles that are related to the targeted keyword you
want users to see you when they search. you're much much better off now
figuring out an organic way to include the keywords you want to use
within your article. and lastly .. when I search the domain name on
google, ad old version of the site comes up,, before we bought the
domain, how do i get rid of that? if you need anything else, we'll be
happy to help. portfolio4769.wordpress.com I tried making the menu a bit
smaller, but there's quite a lot of parts involved, a bit too
complicated to do over live chat. You can try asking in the CSS forum:
http://en.forums.wordpress.com/forum/css-customization That will fix
itself over time, but you can try to speed it up by verifying the site
in Google Search Console:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ ok cool. and in order
to be found on search engines I need to put tags? on pics or where do i
do that? When you upload an image, if you click the Edit button at the
top of the media library window there is a section for Title, Alt Tag,
Caption, Description.\nFill in good titles and Alt Tags for SEO. The ALT
tag should be a description of the image, like \boy playing soccer at
sunset\.\n\nIf you want to get some SEO tips please take a look here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ ok and lastly, I did the google
search console thing,, it says download (done ) and then upload the file
to my site, how do I do that? Sorry for the delay You need to choose the
Tag option rather than the File option for verifying You copy and paste
the meta/html tag to here: wordpress.com/settings/traffic done, awesome
Cool HI i am not getting any data in google search console for \Links to
Your Site\ do you have any idea what is wrong? Do you know whether any
other websites have linked to your site yet? there are many i had data
day before yesterday but yesterday and today i am not getting anything
should i send you a screenshot? you can upload it here:
wordpress.com/media where i can send you? message i am getting is \No
data available.\
https://inteslarblog.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/untitled.png this is
what i am getting Is there data for other sections, like Internal Links?
It looks like there is a message in the Messages section, is it related
to this? no data available for internal links as well no messages are
not related to this Sounds like a problem in the Search Console. You can
try checking the Dashboard, or Crawl sections to see if they are having
trouble connecting to the site i have searched on google forums though
https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/webmasters/ULrQ5WwfnzQ;context-place=topicsearchin/webmasters/no$20data$20available
they are saying it is known issue and it is temporary and it will be
fixed what do u think? I agree, I think it will either clear itself or
Google will fix it have a nice day one second i need to ask one more
thing https://inteslar.com/blog/ i have this page for blog but i am
unable to see featured image on this page can you plase guide Do you
mean a featured image set on the blog page, or the blog posts? featured
image set on the blog page Okay, I don't think it will be shown, the
theme doesn't show the page's details, only the blog posts Okay, bye for
now :) there is option to set featured image for blog post page it is
not showing on page though i thought may be it it was an issue Geehrte
Damen und Herren,\nmich würde interessieren ob es sich irgendwie
nachvollziehen lässt warum meine Aufrufe ab Jänner 2017 plötzlich doch
recht drastisch eingebrochen sind. \nWenn ich die Statistik
interpretiere fällt mir auf das ich offenbar deutlich weniger Aufrufe
über Suchmaschinen und aus Deutschland bekomme. Ist da vielleicht
irgendetwas mit einem Code falsch? oder?\nVielen Dank.\nMit freundlichen
Grüßen\nPixie von Criticalpixie Just translated your message. Are we
talking about criticalpixie.com ? English is not my native tongue and
I'm not really good in talking/writing but i can try to explan it in
English \again\. No, it's fine. I got it :) I believe you're referring
to traffic from search engines, that it has been reduced I just checked
your site, and there are no issues with it. It's public and visible to
all search engines Yes, thank you. Google often updates how it ranks
your site -- it may not be ranked very high anymore . You should publish
blog posts on a regular basis and keep your site active Oh ok, thank
you, was just thinking maybe People enjoying spring to much this year :)
Perhaps! :) Okay - thank you not bothering you anymore :) Just wanted to
make sure that everything with the \SSL-Code\ is corect. Have a nice
Day! Yep! No problem, you're welcome! Have a wonderful day too. :) Can I
just transfer existing free account to this new one? I'll be happy to
help! Are we working on transferring a site? Yes, free one to personal
Okay! I see that you've already purchased the Personal plan for
doorcountyinthemoment.wordpress.com. Yes. Do I keep same address? And do
I have my own domain? You can register a new domain if you like here:
https://wordpress.com/domains/add/ it is included in your plan Will this
then show up on internet search? Yes, your site is set to Public so the
search engines can find it I'd recommend reading this article on SEO,
which have some great action
areas:\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Thanks . .com and .blog show additional charge. Is this in addition to
the cost of my plan? Hmm, let me take a quick look at that, once you
check it out it should appear as free Ok will wait FYI on upper left of
page it show free domain CLAIM. Is that where I should check rather
domains add that you suggested? I found the error, there are 2 domains
in your cart here:
https://wordpress.com/checkout/doorcountyinthemoment.wordpress.com and
only 1 domain is included in your plan I would click the X box next to
the domain you do not want :) R U there? I'l do. Thanks I'd like to
change my premium domain name. Would you like to cancel your current
domain davidsparkman.org and add another one? I'd like to change my
domain name from davidsparkman.org to davidsparkmanmusic.com Domain
names can not be changed because they are unique names but you can
cancel it an register a new one Okay. Is there then an additional
charge? This year you would have to pay for the new registration, then I
can bundle it with your plan and they would renew together It is $26 for
a new domain with contact privacy Aww ... boo. Okay for $26 I'd like to
change it. Everything stays the same just the domain name is changing,
right? Yes, your site content will not change but if you have links to
your site using davidsparkman.org they will stop working If you have
connected Google search console, you will also need to update it I don't
know if I have links. Can you help me find out? Where do I find console
on Google? ah ok, if you haven't connected it yet, it will be good to do
it after you change the domain name. Let's do the domains first and then
I will show you how to connect Google search console oh. okay. okay.
great. thanks. When I cancel davidsparkman.org it will stop working and
you might not be able to register it in the future, will you be ok with
that? yes. Sure, so let's register the new domain first, and then I will
cancel davidsparkman.org If you click on My site -> domains You can add
a new domain to your site Can I register davidsparkmanmusic so that it
cannot be stolen? I'm having a bad experience with domain names. yes,
you can register as many domains as you like, one will renew with your
plan next year okay. so it says it's $18.00/year yes, and $26 with
contact privacy so that your domain contact details are not visible on
the internet I don't need email and don't I have a lot of storage w/
premium? Do you mean visible on Who is it? or something like that? yes,
on a whois search ah. okay. on whois what personal info does it show?
Only the name, right? it shows name, address, email, phone number Ah ok
thanks It is up to you but I recommend activating privacy, sometimes
scammers use that information to contact you okay so my domain name is
in the cart but the privacy is not added, what should I do? You can
activate it later Where do I find the privacy to add it? I want to pay
for it all at the same time When you are entering your contact details,
there is a check box at the top to add it oh okay
http://cld.wthms.co/wMSv Let me know if you see it yes I see it I'm
continuing to check out now Thanks I checked the box. I'm checking my cc
info Thank you davidsparkmanmusic.com is being set up! Thanks, I will
cancel your previous domain now davidsparkman.org is still the primary
domain name yes, you can change that later davidsparkmanmusic.com is now
my primary, premium account, right? It is done, davidsparkman.org is
cancelled and davidsparkmanmusic.com is bundled with your plan would you
like to connect Google search console? Awesome! Thank you. Oh, I guess.
What is Google search console? Does that put my website a the top of a
google search? when someone searches for david sparkman? It will help
you with Google indexation but it will not make you go up in the
ranking. Let's connect it first and then I can give you some articles on
SEO (search engine optimization) :) Will you show me how to do it? okay
Sure!
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
That link has the steps to do it The first thing is to go to search
console here: http://g.co/SearchConsole okay done Then you can enter
your new domain on website address I have to download HTML verification?
You need to click on alternate methods and get HTML tag okay. then what?
Copy the HTML tag It is something like this: okay. where do I paste it?
On My Site -> Settings -> Traffic In the text field for Google under
site verification services looking for site verification services
http://cld.wthms.co/TD8x found it. Save settings? yes :) is that it? Is
my site live right now? Can people see what i see? Your site is live but
give the new domain 72 hours to be set up Now, let's make your new
domain primary you will see a button, make primary and you can select
your new domain Change primary? I don't see make primary when I click on
it oh no I think I did something wrong. hold on a minute. I gotta read
davidsparkmancom.wordpress.com is primary not davidsparkmanmusic.com,
should I do it all again? yes please, to put davidsparkmanmusic.com as
primary okay ... I did it this time. So now, search engine optimization?
So, again though my site is a mess when the public goes to the address
they will see what I see? yes, but you can set it to private if you
prefer to keep it private while you work on it okay. on to search engine
optimization. oh okay ... private when I work on it. me gusta So for
search engine optimization, we have a few articles that can help you
with it: you can read them and if you have questions, just open a chat!
a lot of reading, eh? yes :D Me explicas un poco más? I'm in college
right now ... an abundance of reading ... yikes! well, you can leave it
for later on, there is no rush, your college reading comes first! Can
you show me how to set the site to private when I'm working on a page?
Hola No sé cómo incluir el icono de \me gusta\ en mis publicaciones
Sure! It is on My Site -> Settings on tab General Lo he seleccionado en
la sección \compartir\ pero no no lo veo en mis entradas oh I see it. so
while I work on a page I can keep that page private, or is the entire
website private? ah vale, para las entradas que ya has publicado, lo
tienes que activar dentro de ellas las próximas entradas tendrán los
botones what exactly does indexing mean on websites and Google? Si
editas la entrada, y haces clic en la sección compartir lo puedes ver
Quieres hacerlo para una conmigo? your whole website will be private
with that setting if you want to make one page private instead, you can
also do it okay. so what do people see when they go to the address? They
see a login form This site is private, please login No entiendo qué ha
pasado, estaban seleccionadas ok, cómo lo activo? oh okay. how do i make
one page private? ah, ya lo he visto Please forgive me I am exhausted I
will have to continue with this tomorrow. Thank you for your help.
Goodnight. Sure! open a new chat tomorrow! We will be happy to help!
Have a good night Genial, dime si necesitas ayuda Gracias. Sobre
etiquetas, quisiera que sirviesen para encontrar mi blog 0 ¿son solo
internas? Las etiquetas se usan en el reader, quieres mejorar tu
posición en Google? sí, quisiera que se encontrase con facilidad Vale,
lo primero sería conectar tu sitio a Google search console Google tarda
entre 4 y 6 semanas en indexar un nuevo sitio y esto te puede ayudar
Puedes ver los pasos aquí y si quieres te ayudo yo:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ También tenemos varios
artículos que te ayudarán a mejorar tu ranking en Google Quieres que te
los ponga aquí? sí, por favor, i los iré leyendo Claro! aquí tienes: mil
gracias No hay de qué! Los lees y si tienes alguna pregunta, aquí
estamos! Buenos días \nEstoy intentando poder cambiar las META KEYWORDS
y sobre todo cambiar las etiquetas H1,H2,H3,H4,H5 Y H6 que no me gustan
nada. Me explicas un poco lo que quieres hacer? cambiar las etiquetas en
h1 tengo puesto bienvenido y (img) como lo cambio Vale, qué quieres
cambiar? las etiquetas H1,H2... Si, pero que cambio quieres hacer? las
palabras Quieres cambiar el texto Bienvenidos? si y el de (img) Vale,
para cambiar el texto Bienvenidos, puedes editar tu página de inicio y
cambiar el título Desde mi sitio -> Páginas Puedes buscar la página y
hacer clic en ella para editarla vale y la otra de (img) Dónde es la
imagen? o cual es el texto? Tengo 2 etiquetas H1. la segunda es (img)
quiero cambiar la palabra Me dices que palabra es para verlo? te lo
estoy diciendo (img) Me puedes decir dónde en tu sitio? Todas las
imágenes tienen img en el HTML así que me tienes que decir dónde es y
cuál? :) Pues el caso es que quiero cambiar las palabra. De donde a
salio ni idea, pero esta puesta en etiqueta H1 Vamos a ver, si vas a tu
sitio: https://foncala.com/ Me dices la palabra que quieres cambiar
dónde está? no lo se por eso te pregunto Dónde estás viendo las
etiquetas que quieres cambiar? Vamos a encontralo! :) en el analisis que
hecho de la pagina web Me lo puedes copiar aquí, el trozo de la imagen?
solo puedo escribir, no? si me dices un e-mail te envio Puedes pegarlo
aquí copiar y pegar \nETIQUETAS H:\nH1\n1 - Bienvenido\n2 - (img)\nH2\n1
- Entradas recientes\n2 - ¿Nos quedamos en casa? El nesting está de moda
— Decoesfera\n3 - Energía 3D — Ahorra Energía\n4 - Día Mundial de la
Eficiencia Energética\n5 - El WC que te lava con agua\n6 - Sigue el blog
por Email\n7 - Ubicacion e informacion\n8 - ©2016 FONCALA\nH3, H4, H5 y
H6\n1 - Trabajamos con las mejores marcas del mercado\n2 - Comparte
esto: hmm, no da mucha información pero podría ser el título de los
ficheros de imágenes, dame un momento que lo miro las palabras no
concuerdan ninguna con mi web, por eso quiero cambiarlas vale gracias Si
vas aquí: https://foncala.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php cuál es la
imagen de los logos en tu página? de la secuencia de imagenes que salen
o mi logo empresa mi logo es
cropped-original-logos-2016-apr-9192-5721f3f988cfb2 Vale, aquí las
tienes filtradas:
https://foncala.wordpress.com/wp-admin/upload.php?search=https://foncala.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/original-logos-2016-apr-9192-5721f3f988cfb.jpg
Si haces click en las imágenes Puedes cambiar el título por uno
descriptivo y poner lo mismo en Alt Text Esto es recomendado para los
motores de búsqueda vale y las palabras H2 la palabra esa que pone (img)
se puede borrar de etiqueta H1? No se muy bien de donde viene, el
análisis no te da más información? tienes una etiqueta H1 vacía en tu
página no se si vendría de ahí, si editas la página de inicio, le das a
la pestaña HTML, lo ves debajo de la galería ¡Atención! Esta página
tiene más de un título H1.\n\nComprueba que se utilicen Keywords en el
título H1 y el resto de subtítulos H. las palabras H2 como las cambio
tambien ah pues es eso quita la etiqueta vacía de la página vamos a ver
las palabras h2 como quito la vacia

borro lo segundo borra eso

todo? Vamos a las H2 Venga, voy a ver entradas recientes Entradas
reciente no se puede cambiar, es del tema voy a ver esta: ¿Nos quedamos
en casa? El nesting está de moda — Decoesfera Estas: 2 - ¿Nos quedamos
en casa? El nesting está de moda — Decoesfera\n3 - Energía 3D — Ahorra Energía\n4
- Día Mundial de la Eficiencia Energética\n5 - El WC que te lava con agua
son los títulos de las entradas Si vas a Mi sitio -> Entradas las puedes
editar perfecto 6 - Sigue el blog por Email\n7 - Ubicacion e informacion
Son Widgets En Mi sitio -> Personalizar -> Widgets En full width footer,
tienes el de seguir el blog y puedes cambiar el texto pero si cambio hay
la palabra se cambia en la pagina tambien, no? bueno ya miro y la
ultima? la 8? y ya te dejo tranquilo:) Mirando En widgets, footer 4 :)
muchas gracias De nada! buen dia Cuando quieras! buen día para ti
también! una ultima pregunta Dime! las etiquetas de 2 a la 5 veo que son
los titulos de las entradas de blog de wordpress se podrian cambiar a
poner los titulos de las paginas que tengo? Si claro, si editas la
entrada, puedes cambiar el título digo de los enlaces paginas web que
tengo,no del blog fontaneria calefaccion... ah, espera que lo miro Vale,
esos son los menús si haces clic en Mi Sitio -> Personalizar -> Menús y
haces clic en el menú 'Cabecera' atención a eso porque tienes unos
cuantos :) Puedes cambiar el nombre de las entradas del menú si eso ya
se, me explico mal digo que aparezcan de etiquetas H2 los titulos de los
menus ah, eso no se puede cambiar, es el diseño del tema gracias por
todo y que tengas buen dia Gracias a ti por seguir los pasos conmigo :)
cuando quieras abres un nuevo chat! Hello, \nI recently bought a
Personal plan and so that I don't have the .wordpress.com in my address
anymore. The domain is installed and set as default now but when I
search the results on google, my blog still appears as a .wordpress.com.
Yet, when I click on the link, it directs my to the .com version. \nCan
you enlightened me on this topic and solve it please ?\nThanks in
advance So, Google has your previous site still indexed in its search
results. That's old data. Google will slowly and eventually replace the
links in their search results, to the new one. But, it can take some
time, depends on Google I also suggest you make a google search console
account and add your domain there:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Yes I just reading your answer :-) Thank you very much I'm going to try
now ! :) You're very welcome. Let us know if any questions come up Thank
you ! :-) Have a nice day! When searching my site under google images -
site:peachsalmanac.com - Only a small number of images that are on my
blog appear as results. I understand with images especially, it can take
time for them to be indexed. I have filled out the meta-data on the
images, making sure Google can find them. I've tried manually crawling
them in Webmaster Tools, and while this has led to a few more appearing,
many are still missing - the selection seems random. I'm wondering if
it's anything I'm doing wrong or inefficiently? Thanks. -Chris Would you
mind trying to also fill the field Alt Text of your images? It helps
Google to read them. If I edit them in Media area, will the updates be
applied to where they are attached in posts, or does it have to be done
manually? Yes, by editing them into the Media section, it will also
update them on your blog posts. Okay, thanks. Would there be any reason
why some which have all the data filled out don't show, yet some which
have none do? Or is that just something in the algorithm Google uses to
discover them? Unfortunately, it depends only on Google. Okay, thanks
for the help. :) Hi,\n\nThe new mindonomics.co.uk website says that
safari can't validate it and that its invalid?\n\nThanks! Howdy! This is
Kat! \nI'd be happy to help with your question! So you are having an
issue with your website in Safari? Hi,\n\nWe have noticed that google
still shows colinstrong.wordpress.com (deleted old website) and doesn't
show the new colinstrong.org.uk at all. Can you please help? no we have
sated to set it up and when I tried to save it say the above. Btw my
second question is about a second new website... So we are looking at:
http://colinstrong.co.uk or at http://mindonomics.co.uk? Just to be
sure! both the validation issue is for mindonimics Okay, so let's first
go to http://mindonomics.co.uk. This one does not working in Safari? the
not showing up on google issue is for colinstrong.co.uk we have sarted
to set it up and when I tried to save it, it said the its invalid All
right, just to make sure I am getting it right. This is what I see on
Safari for your site: http://d.pr/i/jUB1 lets start form beging
mindonomicsin Wordpress when I d put stuff on and go to save it says
it's not valid So you are not able to save anything on your
WordPress.com blog when you are working in Safari? Would you be able to
take a screenshot for me? You can upload it here: https://snag.gy/ And
send me the link after if it is possible it might have been a temporary
thing as it seems to be working now. or was it because it said we need
to wait 72 hours lets talk about colinstrong.co.uk now? Yes, that's
right. When you map a domain, you might need to wait for 72 hours for
your site to be working properly So the site colinstrong.co.uk does not
appear in Google search? only the old site which we would like to
completely remove from google appears And the old site is
colinstrong.wordpress.com ? when you google Colin strong you will see
what I mean Are you actively using the old site? we are going to use
colinstrong.co.uk and mindonomics only and they both need to come up on
google Okay, so there are two things that I can recommend to do First is
to delete the old site: https://en.support.wordpress.com/delete-site/
That you do not use ok will as Colin to do that Okay, and another step
Is to verify your site with Google You can use Webmaster Tools to do it:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ It seems like Google
indexed and stored your old site So to speed up the process of Google
indexing a new site I can suggest Webmaster Tools ok I know all that but
was thinking that Wordpress might have a function built in Yes, we do
indeed! and? But it might take up a few months for the search engine to
index the site properly So to speed up a process, you can help Google
verify your site got it thanks! my other question is how can we keep
mindonomics private until we have all the content up I am new to
Wordpress You can set your website to private:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/settings/privacy-settings/ By following
the steps there! is hidden better than private otherwise it will still
come up wouldn't it? well for private, noone can see your site But for
hidden, users can see your site, but Google will not index it In both
cases, Google will not find your site But in private, users can not see
it While in hidden option, they can see all the content well the old
site is on private and it does come up on gooolge Was it always on
private? Or you changed it recently? changed it 2 months ago I see! As I
mentioned earlier, the Google might take up to a few months to update
So, most likely, the site was indexed earlier And the database was not
yet updated I had created a menu for colinstrong.co.uk and have
discovered that the same menu set up appears for mindonomics too. dos
this mean when you change it for one website all sites have the same
structure? Also, just a sidenote, if you are interested in SEO and other
search engines details on WordPress.com, you can check this article:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ Let me
take a look at your menus! No, the websites should not have the same
structure unless you are using the same theme. I am looking at
https://colinstrong.co.uk/ and http://mindonomics.co.uk/? Would you mind
specifying for me what you mean by the same menu structure? when I click
on primary on mindonomics I get the home, about and contact same as I
did for the colinstrong.co.uk I see! And you are editing it from your
Customizer? https://mindonomicscouk.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php
but need a different menu for mindonomics Okay, sure! So you can go to
your Customizer
https://mindonomicscouk.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php, than
choose Menus and click on \Add menu\ option This should enable you to
create a menu that you like if you would like to have pages there, you
will need to create them first and add them to your menu after After,
you can set the menu you created as a primary menu shall I choose
primary? I mean when I said add menu it has 3 options So are you seeing
this option: https://cloudup.com/c9eUtnLOB4z Yes, so you can create a
new menu and name it and after add all the pages and items that you want
to have in there and primary means it appears on top? Yes, exactly It
means that this menu will be displayed and not the other one got it now,
I think I had muddled through when I did the the first one. And
forgotten everything straight away genius I have a html question... can
I add a think border around this site? can I access the code at all? css
rather Yes, we have an option to access CSS, but it only comes as an
upgrade with Premium or Business plans After, the CSS Editor gets added
to your site and you can do all sort of modifications I think Colin has
a premium plan? yes, that's right! If you go here, you can see your CSS
Editor: https://colinstrongcouk.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php ok
thank you very much I think I am done for today! If you need anything
else, please feel free to reach us anytime! We'd be happy to help! I
will, thanks, have a good day! oh sorry one more question just went
through the colinstron.co.uk posts and discovered that the base font has
changed for the last 4 posts (which Colin had uploaded) but the base
fonts still shows theme font? Okay, so Colin has uploaded a font to
WordPress.com? Hello. How can I remove the dates inside the urls of my
articles? Hey there! :) WordPress.com sites are not able to remove the
dates from the URLs, it is part of how our system generates URLs for
blog posts. Our system is designed to make your site search-engine
friendly. Sorry about that. Please let me know if I can help with
anything else. :) No thanks. I'm fine. Thank you and have a nice day.
Hi, how can I make my website appear differently when people on search
it online? thanks! hi, how are you today? good thank you! to be clear,
we're talking about the little snippets that appear beneath your URL in
the search engine results, right? each search engine tends to operate
differently, but they often will look for a title, a meta tag
description (though many sites no longer use them), or it will pick
content it finds relevant to what the user searched for. is there a
particular search engine and a particular way you want your site listing
to appear? mine just shows my tags well id just like it to maybe
summarise my blog/ introduce it in a short sentence instead when i type
sustainably simple into google my blog will appear but the words beneath
are my tags i.e. 'sustainability 'ethical' 'organic' which is not what i
want! I understand. so there are a couple ways to go about this... you
need some sort of SEO tools to modify what google displays. SEO means
Search Engine Optimization, and these tools are available in our
Business plan - but that may be a bit expensive. another way to go about
it is to sign up for Google Webmaster Tools, which is a free service,
and allows you some access to modify how your site appears in their
results. granted, any free service will not do everything a paid service
does, but it's a good place I'd recommend that you start :) oh thank you
so much! that's really great thank you :) i'll look into the google
webmaster tools there are some things you can do here as well... check
out our guide here https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/
you'll need to follow some instructions there to verify your site on
Google. I have two questions 1. I went to google webmaster to get the
crawlers to notice my site and it is saying I need to verify ownership
of the site by adding an html? Are you familiar with this? Also I am not
getting the email verification notice. I just deleted my old domain and
got a new name and domain\n Sure, I can certainly assist you with these
things. First I will start with your new domain. You have registered:
carriagehouse.blog Is that right/ But you have not received the
verification email though? that is correct It appears to be verified and
all set up with us. I just tried the site as well:
https://carriagehouse.blog/ And it is working. It is working but I keep
getting the notice from you guys by my name to take action and verify my
site Ok I see that the email would be going to: jolene.korn@yahoo.com No
that is the not an email in use. I have changed my email on your site.
The correct email is mmeyer03.mm@gmail.com This is the email that was
setup with the domain registration in particular. I can show you where
to change that and then I can resend. Okay show me where to change it.
You could go to this link:
https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/carriagehouse.blog/contacts-privacy/carriagehouse.blog
And you will want to edit the contact info. This area is separate than
our information. Okay that has been updated. Ok I will try to resend. Ok
it has been resent, if you could check that for me please. You may have
to check your SPAM as well. Sometimes it ends up there. I received a
change of registrant name email from wordpress Is that the email I am
looking for? You may have to verify that one first. Is there another?
Does that one require you to verify anything? Ok I have resent, can you
check refresh your mail and check the Spam folder as well please? Okay
got it now and verified it. Ok perfect. Now what about this google
webmaster requiring verfication of ownership by adding an HTML I see
that it is active on our side too so that is great. Where did you
receive this information from Google Webmaster? under google webmaster
tools when I put it my blog address it said that when you enter it under
the search console it says \You don't have access to this property.
Verify this property or ask a property owner to add you as a user.
Verify this property Yes I took a look, you are not able to upload files
to your website the way they are requesting. It takes google roughly 4-6
weeks to rank your website in their search. We do have information on
how to increase your rank though: okay thank you. There are some great
sites there that can help! Great thank you for all your help. Have a
great day. I have one more for you: That can help with site specific
ways to help with your rank. If you have any additional questions as you
go through, please feel free to come back to chat! Thank you again!
You're welcome, enjoy your day! Hi. I submitted a form for word ads and
was hoping for an update on what I need to do next?\n\nThanks the site
is approved, so you can access the settings at
https://wordpress.com/ads/settings/withahopskipandajump.com however,
you'll still need to get more traffic to your site to generate some
earnings Is there a tutorial for what I need to do next or is it a case
of just generating more traffic? it's mostly generating more traffic,
you'll need at least a few thousands visits per month in order to
generate some earnings here's some tips:\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/\n-
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/\n\n
That's great. Thanks so much :-) hello,\nwhen i search for my website on
a classic Google search, I land on some pages of my site that dont have
any interest. Could you please tell me if there is a way for me to make
my Home page appear on google before any other pages of my own site ?
please tell me if that's not clear. thanks\n:) Hi there. :) Right, how
Google ranks your site or its pages -- that's entirely up to them. But,
you can ask Google to remove some URLs if you want. Here's a guide I
found: https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/6349986?hl=en Let us
know whenever you're around. :) A few questions re: SEO support for my
site please. Hey there! :) What questions do you have? Thanks! Ive had
minimal experience w/ SEO, but do alright managing HTML, etc etc... I
want to increase traffic and google search, etc. I need to know what me
meta keyword and meta description are I built my site but I havent
inserted keywords and stuff like that anywhere on my page. Not sure what
the fees are for someone to do it or should I just do it myself. Sure
thing! :) Thankfully, WordPress.com takes care of most SEO needs right
out of the box. Im capable but also impatient haha. I can relate! We
have a lot of info on our built-in SEO optimizations here, if you'd like
to take a look:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ I did a
random search and my new site didnt come up anywhere, so thats where Im
at now. Ive checked that link out before, but wasnt sure if there was
someone who \takes charge\ of that or is it on us to do it. It can take
several weeks before a new site is indexed by search engines, and
appears among results. We do have a more specific page on this topic,
here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ yeah, true. hi
how do i add things to my SEO? Search engines like Google do offer some
\faster\ ways of getting indexed, if you register your site with them
(instructions here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/)
my site is Clamon natural health and i am getting mailerlite to send a
sign up window on my faebook page and its asking for meta keywords amd
meta discription where do i find that Sure thing! :) I know I just sent
a bunch of links, so please let us know if you had specific questions.
Our Business plan does come with some SEO \extras,\ but most of our
users don't need them. right, mine is Premium, right? Correct. :) OK,
I'll have to check out the links in better detail but sometimes its just
foreign to me., Like NEO looking at the Matrix screen Those words are
defined by you on My Sites > Settings > Traffic Hahahaha I can
understand, it's a lot - we're always here to help! :) I'll be in
touch... Looking forward to it! Enjoy your day in the meantime. :) Hi
there. What exactly do you want to add? do i have this in my package?
https://jetpack.com/install/professional/ is this included in the
business package? same to you Let me check that page So, that page is
about plans for sites using Jetpack plugin on self-hosted sites. At
WordPres.com you already have all this functions included in your site
:) where are they i can find the,? them? for SEO So, what exactly do you
want to add for SEO purposes? key words? You mean meta tag keywords?
Search engines do not use that meta tag anymore, since 2009, so you'll
not find any area to add it You can read more about it at
https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2009/09/google-does-not-use-keywords-meta-tag.html
so what do i use? SEO have changed a lot on last year and this kind of
old tactics focusing on keywords do not work anymore. Now you have to
focus on great content focused on what users want to know about. There
are some good posts about it at moz.com.. check this one:
https://moz.com/blog/time-to-stop-doing-onpage-seo-like-its-2012 About
SEO on WordPress.com, we have some blog posts too, at
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/tag/seo/ tag SEO thank you for your help!
:D Wie kann ich auf meiner
Website\nhttps://wordpress.com/stats/day/pferdetherapie-sportcoaching.com\nSchlüsselwörter
markieren/hinzufügen, damit meine Website im Netz besser gefunden wird?
We primarily provide support in English, Spanish and Portuguese. For
now, I’ll be replying in English, but you can respond to me in your
language and I’ll enter your messages into Google Translate, I hope
that's ok. I believe you're talking about meta tag keywords, am I right?
Yes I think so, Meta tag keywords is not used anymore on web rankings.
You can read more about that at
https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2009/09/google-does-not-use-keywords-meta-tag.html
SEO have changed a lot on last year and this kind of old tactics
focusing on keywords do not work anymore. Now you have to focus on great
content focused on what users want to know about.\nThere are some good
posts about it at moz.com.. check this one:
https://moz.com/blog/time-to-stop-doing-onpage-seo-like-its-2012 Why
when i type lizy hubert on google, my site does not appear I understand
your concern. I see that you registered the domain only today.
WordPress.com automatically sends notifications to Google with every new
site, post and page update. Google and other search engines can take 4-6
weeks or more to add any new sites. So you will have to wait few more
weeks for Google to index your site. Besides producing good content
consistently. WordPress.com takes care of indexing your site and all of
the necessary SEO for you. So you only have to focus on creating your
content. Ohh ok . I understand now. Thank you . I suggest you check this
guide for more info about how search engines treat your site:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ Yes, this is what i
thought to do in the meantime . It leaves me time. Alright . Hi!
Purchased a business plan a while back. Can you please tell me how to
optimize all of the new SEO features? I updated most of what I can see
was available but just want to double check. I'll check what you have so
far It seems like my 'Site Verification Services' has got some issue.
All the options are disabled for me. I cant access the space for pasting
the HTML tag code for google or other services, the 'Save Settings'
button is disabled for me.\nWhen I click my xml sitemap
\http://rajamahanta-photos.blog/sitemap.xml\ I get the below error
--\n\nOOPS! THAT PAGE CAN’T BE FOUND.\n\nIt looks like nothing was found
at this location. Maybe try one of the links below or a search?\n\nThe
links provided are my blog links which opens up without any issue. I
think you might want to rearrange your title and tagline so that your
site title is just Miriam Laurence Studio and the tagline is Integrated
Acting System Then you need to add some formatting such as spaces or
hyphens into your SEO settings because at the moment the words will run
together Let me know if you need more guidance on that Sorry for the
delay. The place where you need to add verification tags is
wordpress.com/settings/traffic Can you get to that page? yes I can get
to this page Okay, so it's just the sitemap.xml that isn't working right
now? the problem is at section \Site verification Services\ in that page
i.e. https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/rajamahanta-photos.blog yes
the Sitemap isn't working Ah, I see. It's not there because you have the
hide from search engines setting on If you make your site public from
wordpress.com/settings/general Then the sitemap should get created well
I have just made it 'Public' but still not solved the problem. now I can
access my XML site map but can paste any HTML in the Goodle / Bing
Printrest etc again the \save Settings\ is disabled What are you trying
to paste in there? Can you paste it here \Note that verifying your site
with these services is not necessary in order for your site to be
indexed by search engines. To use these advanced search engine tools and
verify your site with a service, paste the HTML Tag code below.\ Right,
you will need to paste the tag from Google for the save button to
activate sorry the chat window got closed\n\nIts related to my XML
sitemap\n I'm still here The last thing I said was:\nyou will need to
paste the tag from Google for the save button to activate yes, I read
the \full instructions\ as its mentioned there. the place for pasting
the tags were not editable now they are I think the problem is solved
ah, this must have been because of the privacy setting hi \nhow do i
find my site on google\nwhen i type its name in the search box nothing
appears.\nplease help and how do i remove the edit buttons from website
page in the preview OK thankx The website https://virtualtutors.live is
kind of new. So, Google takes time to read it and add it to its search
results ok , when i use word press i can find it but i still see edit
buttons on my pages, meaning anyone can edit my pages and i do not want
that. how do i fix this? Only you can see the Edit button because you
are logged in the account owner of the website. ok i see. alright
thankx. no that all Thankx Hi can you please Sorry HI Hi :) can you
please run me through the step to actually put my site out to the
public. i do not think i am doing it right virtualtutors.live is public,
so anyone that visits it will see your site It can take some time for it
to be included in search engines like Google But it often helps to added
Google's Search Console to speed things up:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Ok thankx let me read
that and try and see if i can get it up I had previously worked on a
blog that was powered by Wordpress and I had the ability to change my
meta tag, change the permalink, add a keyword & monitor your SEO while
typing your post content. I'm no longer a part of that site, and started
a new site w/Wordpress but can't seem to find where I have access to
these features. I have upgraded to a business account in the hopes these
features would become available, but I still don't see them. Can someone
help me w/that please? \n\nThank you,\nShawna Brown Hello :) was your
previous site hosted with another host with WordPress.org? instead of
being hosted with WordPress.com? To understand more about the
differences between WordPress.com and WordPress.org please visit the
following link: https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/ I didn't
set it up, so I'm not really sure. I assumed it was w/Wordpress.com, but
I'm unsure. After reading the differences, it looks like it might have
been a Wordpress.org site. Is it possible to switch my site over? ok,
with your current Business plan you can still use SEO tools for example,
if you go to my sites > Settings > traffic If you want to go with
WordPress.org, you would need to hire a new host then point or transfer
the domain to them and cancel any plans with us (in that order) Right,
but would my content transfer over? you would need to export your
content from here and import it to your new host then install a similar
theme at your new host Besides, SEO, what is another feature that you
can't find right now? We have a new beta version of Business that might
help you install some new features I would like to ability to change the
permalink & remove the date. I'd also like to add keywords & change the
meta tag. oh, ok, the permalink can be edited, but the date cannot be
removed in posts. If you don't want to have the date in there, you could
use pages (Which don't have dates in the permalink) You can add Keywords
in the Tags section and you can add the meta description of your site,
by going to my sites > settings > traffic Ok I found the meta
description info. great! you have several options to handle SEO from
there too I appreciate your help! :) no problem! Don't hesitate to
contact us for any other question I did a SEO test on
https://seositecheckup.com/seo-audit/laserencore.com\n\nOn the Google
Search Results Preview why does it say On Wordpress.com ????\n\nGoogle
Search Results Preview\nHome | Laser Encore on
WordPress.com\nhttps://laserencore.com/\nLaser light shows, Laser Shows,
Special effects, Media projection\n I am glad to check this for you.
Please give me a minute to open your site and understand what's going
on. It is hard for us to say why the SEO tool you are using shows the
preview like that. However, actual Google.com itself is showing the
correct preview. So I suggest you don't worry about that tool. All these
tools are different and have their own quirks. This is what I see on
google.com: https://cloudup.com/c6wmqusyAcV Are there other sites to
test my SEO Here is one you can check:
https://www.portent.com/serp-preview-tool My main key word is \laser
light show\ I do I see how laserencore is rated in google I think you
can use a tool like this: https://serps.com/tools/rank-checker/ Does not
say my position on Google 2900 searches for laser light show Ah, so you
wanted to know how your site ranks in Google, correct? How can I make it
so that my new blog is searchable by search engines and is verified (not
blocked by corporate fire walls)?\n Hi Meghan I don't want to upgrade to
the business account quite yet... so am looking for free suggestions
within the plan i have I'm not sure what you mean by corporate
firewalls, but we submit your site to search engines automatically:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ It does take time for
search engines such as Google to index your site for the first time.
Often 4-6 weeks or longer when some of my friends (including me) have
tried to access my site from work, the firewalls are blocking it I
suggest you search for your site in google.com and see where it comes
up. it is being perceived as malicious Also, to improve the SEO, we have
a bunch of things you can do. what can i do about that? Like what They
are all mentioned in this SEO webinar video:
https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 I have done I think everything that I can.
How can we test Ahhh I see. Other than speak with your IT department,
there's not much to be done from our end Different companies have
different criteria for what they filter it isn't just my IT department
it is 3 out of the 4 companies I have tested this with so it clearly
falls into some category - and i don't know what that is or how to get
out of it There is no test tool that I am aware of. Let me check with
coworkers. If you search for \laser light show\ How can I see where I
rank in Google Right, companies could easily all block similar sites,
such as WordPress.com. Some consider it a \social network\ Without
knowing what they filter and why, it's not something you can \trick\
them with my site is not a wordpress address i registered for the .com
by using wordpress, but deliberately avoided the wordpress tag... is it
somehow still embedded as such? It's a bit more complicated than that
Your site can be identified by any number of means for example, IP
address i figured... so i'm asking for a dummies guide Let me find this
for you. The dummies guide is you can't, there's no simple way to do
that You can run things on your own machine, if they allow it such as a
\VPN\ but as far as unblocking your site for an entire corporate
network, you have to speak with whoever runs those filters ok... but for
example, if my site turns into j crew and suddenly has huge traffic and
sales, does it get recatagorized? (sp) A colleague suggested
https://www.seocentro.com/tools/search-engines/keyword-position.html
Honestly, probably not i'm asking if the filters have anything to do
with web traffic but it depends what and how they're blocking hmnnn
which we have no way of knowing, and they're unlikely to share like your
IP address won't change it'll be our range of IP addresses no matter
what It's like if they blocked an area code does that make more sense?
in terms of phone numbers? But honestly, they could use any sorts of
means or software to filter their network i will give up for now shows
not even ranked. Might be to new of a website? and pursue it some other
day Yes, that and it also depends on the content of your site. There is
really ton of competition to appear at the top of the Google search
results. It is difficult, but possible with some effort. I will watch
the video Sweet. That video is a great place to start. It offers some
tips and answers common questions about SEO. I own a few domain names. I
would like to use www.oolalunahenna.com (instead of oolaluna.com) but it
does not have my city name listed. I also own thunderbayhenna.com, which
I know will optimize searches, but there is already a
www.hennathunderbay.com in my city and I would rather not use
www.thunderbayhenna.com as my actual address because it will cause a
riff with that owner. If I use www.oolalunahenna.com and have
thunderbayhenna routed to the oolalunahenna address will my searches
still be optimized? in fact, I bought a few different URLS and want them
all routed to www.oolalunahenna.com if that will work out for
websearches You can certainly add multiple domains to your site here You
can do that from wordpress.com/domains/add however - it doesn't really
have a significant effect on search engine optimization or your site's
ranking. What matters is your content, how regularly you publish content
and some other factors ok, so it doesnt matter if I use
www.thunderbayhenna.com or oolalunahenna.com in terms of being found on
searches? Yes, your ranking isn't measure by how many addresses you have
for a single site measured by* doesnt location in the URL help? You're
going to have multiple names pointing to a single site. It doesn't have
any significant benefits. For SEO, what really matters is your site's
content that i can have some power over Indeed! i discovered yesterday
that my facebook business page that i have had for 3 years, and has a
higher number of likes than other pages in my city offering the same
service, isnt showing up in websearches , but other peope who have less
likes and have not been around as long do show up i am not sure why does
it matter where the people viewing the page are geographically? also, I
am having a lot of trouble even setting up a webpage, i dont understand
what it all means. I was hopng this would be like a cut and paste type
endevour. I have tried looking at some of the templates, but those arent
straight forward either what is the easiest way that i can set up this
page? No, your likes on the page have no relevance to how Google ranks
your website -- which mostly depends on your content and how many
'popular' sites are linking to you. You should write content based on
the strategies here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ ok, i will
take a look at that I see you have Baskerville theme active. To add
content to your home page - go to wordpress.com/pages . Edit the home
page. Then for regular posts that you publish, they show up at your Blog
page. And you write them from wordpress.com/posts i just tried to add a
new address to my page and it says that i have to buy the premium
package in order to do that because i bought all of my urls from
namecheap is that true? i didnt really want baskerville, i was just
trying them out to see which one i could get to work easiest i really
just wanted to do my own theme, import my own pictures and graphics,
move around my lay out, but t wasnt working No, you don't need to get
another plan if you're adding domains to the same site Go here:
wordpress.com/domains/add/oolaluna.wordpress.com\n Then type in the
domain you want \mapped\ You can only use the themes available here:
wordpress.com/themes -- there are more than 100 so make sure you check
out the demo page of each to have an idea. ok, I will keep trying it
turns out that the premium page is on sale for less than the personal
page, so I am just going to upgrade anyway. I just read that thank you
for your time and help :0 You're so welcome! I think you might be seeing
the discount to upgrade to Premium But let us know if any issues come
up. We'll be here. :) i appreciate, thanks :) ok I tried to map the new
name to the page and I got a prompt to pay $17 yearly to map it. will I
be required to pay $17 per year to map each URL that I want to link to
my page? So I'm clear on what you're wanting to do, you would like to
have two URLs on the same site, is that right? So oolaluna.com, and this
new one? I would like to change oolaluna.com to oolalunahenna.com. also,
i want to have multiple urls that i purchased all to lead to
oolalunahenna.com for instance: \oolalunahenna.ca,
thunderbayhenna.com,oolaluna.com\ etc Perfect. In that case, yes, to map
each of those to your single site, you would need to pay $13.00 each
year for each mapped domain. *change \oolaluna.com' to
\oolalunahenna.com\ is that standard? It is. When a site is hosted in
one place, but the domain is registered in another place, it's common to
need to map the domains. Something else you could try would be to
\forward\ your other domains from your registrar to your primary mapped
domain here. So map only one domain here, \oolalunahenna.com\ -- then
forward each of your other domains to that domain. That might be free to
forward at your registrar. would it be cheaper to delete oolaluna.com
and start a new page oolalunahenna.com and then forward all the other
addresses to it? what is the difference between \mapped\ and
\forwarded?\ there is no content on any of these URLs yet I think we
should at least get your site working on oolalunahenna.com first. so its
just the name being moved and linked what is the difference between
mapped and forwarded? does it mean mapped-content will comeup in
websearches? forwarded-when thunderbayhenna.com is typed exactly it will
forward to oolalunahenna.com, but the content wont come up in
websearches? For example: \henna parties in thunder bay?\ As long as
your primary domain is mapped properly, which it will be, your site will
always appear in search as your primary domain. That's important. But as
for your other domains, simply forwarding them would save some money and
help you accomplish your goal of multiple domains pointing to one. I've
also freed up the domain credit you get with your plan. If you would
like to now map oolalunahenna.com, you can do that. When that's done I
can remove the mapping for oolaluna.com. can i undo one of the forwards
later? On your domain registrar, you mean? undo the forwarding of
oolaluna.com to www.oolalunahenna.com in the future? that is the name i
really have big plans for, but right now my primary business is henna,
so all my domains should point to henna Right now your site here at
WordPress.com uses oolaluna.com. If you decide to instead use
oolalunahenna.com, you can make that change now if you prefer. yes, i
just attempted to do that and it is prompting me to buy the premium
package in order to map it It should not be doing that now. I made the
change about 3 minutes ago. Could you try again to add the domain
mapping by going here? https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/ Then click
Add Domain button and choose to map it. i clicked \map it now\ and now I
am on the payment page to buy the premium package That's strange. im
just going to buy hte package, its better anyway I think it's trying to
create a new site I do not believe that's what you want to do. That will
give you two sites, two plans, two mapped domains, and potentially twice
the confusion. I can add the mapping for you manually. Would you like me
to add it manually for you? yes because every time I try it says
\oolalunahenna.com\ is taken. if you purchased it elsewhere you can map
it with wordpress.com premium on second thought go ahead, map it Ok -
now, I just checked the status of the domain oolalunahenna.com. It's not
setup to go to WordPress.com, so when I map it, it won't work right
away. You'll need to login to where it is registered and change the
\nameserver\ setting for the domain. This is something you also did for
oolaluna.com previously. is there something to do on my side? Does that
sound familiar? i shall log in now and get back to you Ok! Once you are
logged in, you'll need to change the \nameserver\ settings on your
domain to use the three nameservers we list here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/map-existing-domain/#2-ask-your-domain-provider-to-update-your-dns-settings
Once you make that change, wait around 24 hours, then come back and we
will help add the domain mapping for oolalunahenna.com to your site. :)
i want the other addresses forwarded too i have maybe 8 of them Speak
with your domain registrar about that. See if you can set the others to
forward. If they can do that for you, it should not cost you anything
additional because you will not need to map them at that point. You only
need the one mapped which will be oolalunahenna.com soon. whom am i
speaking with, just in case i lose this box I'm actually about to step
away for a meeting, but there are a dozen of us online today and we're
all equally capable of picking up where anything leaves off. :) i have
to do something else for a little bit Just come on back when you can. :)
We'll pick right up where you left off ok, so all is not lost in this
little box? Nope! Not one bit. It's all saved here. happy meeting
Likewise! I'm glad you stopped by chat today. have a happy meeting i
mean peace, ill be back Oh... yes! Let's hope so. lol -- have a great
day Later! I posted a new article, and in the past my articles used to
show up on the Reader for general public when I publish....Now, they do
not. Please help I am glad to check this for you. Can you link an
article that should be appearing in the Reader, but isn't. I just posted
an article from my site, but its not appearing in the Reader for general
public In the past as soon as I publish articles it would appear at the
top at Reader Sure, let me check this for you.
http://heycaravan.com/2017/04/19/the-egg-diet/ is the one missing,
right? For example....See new article I posted: The Egg Diet And my last
one did not show up as well.... \A Weekend in Cleveland, OH\ I just
found it when I searched in my Reader: https://db.tt/oFreTbEf0w But it
usually use to show up at the top indicating a new post Thats weird it
showed up for you but not on my end The posts appear usually when you
follow the site. Even if it your own site. Why is that? I just added
your site to the list of sites you are following and now if you check
the Reader, The Egg Diet post is at the top. Can you double-check?
Ok...I see it Do the general public see the post even if they're not
following me? Nope, only followers will see the post at the top. Other
public will see only if they search for your post. Then how was I
receiving random people in the past liking my posts, who were not
followers of Hey Caravan Confused. They may have stumbled upon your
posts in the Reader when they searched for some keywords that are used
in your posts. It is really hard to guess how someone may have found
your site on the intrnet :) The Reader doesn't automatically
categorize/put to see recent posts on the Reader? put to the top*??
Reader orders the posts in the order they are published. So the recent
posts will be placed at the top...until one of your other followers have
published a post after your post. Exactly my point! So then how come my
post which was recently published not at top for the general despite
them following my site or not too see? for the general public* ?? Reader
lists ALL the posts of the people I am following from recent to oldest.
So if one of the other people I am following publishes a post after you,
then their post will be at the top and your post will be pushed down in
my Reader. Are you clear until now? This is for the people who are
following you. Now the people who are NOT following you, i.e. the
general public, will see your post only if they search for tags or post
title or other keywords in your post. How can I improve my rankings in
Google Here are few things you can do to make your post show up in the
Reader searches:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/topics/#get-your-content-to-appear-in-tags
I hope you are clear about Reader now. I also encourage you watch this
SEO webinar: https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 You will get a transcript of
our chat in your email abdirizakahm@gmail.com, with links to everything
we have discussed here today. Ok. Thanks! Alexa is not showing website
data and even in google search, I am unable to search my posts. There is
1000+ views on blog but still there is no update This is Jagdish here
Can you please give me help on given question ? Hi there Jagdish. Just
checked your site settings - https://jagdishjat.online That site is
public and accessible to every search engine plus Alexa. It would depend
on those services when they decide to rank or show more stats on your
site. It's affected by several factors. Alexa gathers data from
different toolbars and sources their users install/use. You likely
haven't had many visits from users who Alexa can track. for monetize to
my blog, do I need premium membership or once my blog get noticed , I
will get ads automatically like once visitors increased , I will get ads
You can apply to our WordAds program, yes : http://wordads.co To get
accepted in general you need thousands of views a month Chat us again if
any issues come up! :) how do I install Yoast ?\n You want to improve
the SEO of your site using Yoast, don't you? Ah okay. Do you know that
on WordPress.com, we take care of 80% of SEO mechanics for your site?
really? Yes, we do :) alright For this reason, you don't need any
additional plugins like Yoast on WordPress.com. Also we have a SEO
webinar that I think you will find helpful: https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4
This is aimed at Business plan users, but you can learn a great deal
about SEO too. So I encourage you watch it. how do i get my website on
google Let me check your current settings I think your site is already
on Google. If you search for site:achillesnashville.org you can see the
results specific to your domain. Since the site was only made searchable
6 days ago it might take longer to show up higher in the search list for
more general terms how do i make it moire searchable There's two main
things, one is to verify the site in Google Search Console. The
directions for that are
here:\nhttp://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ The other is to
update regularly (such as in news and events) make sure you post things
somewhat regularly \nI would like to create keywords to reference the
site, is it possible, thanks! you mean use meta tag keywords? Or tags in
your posts? I want use use meta tag keywords? Oh, got it. So, meta tag
keywords are not used anymore, search engines do not read this tags
anymore so it's not necessary to add it Check it that google post, meta
keywords is not used since 2009:
https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2009/09/google-does-not-use-keywords-meta-tag.html
Ok, thanks! I go to read this…Bye… How do we use jetpack plugin for SEO
improvements in my website Jetpack is already included in your
WordPress.com site. How do i use it for SEO on my blogs We do have some
Advanced SEO features in our WordPress.com Business plan. But really the
main factors for SEO include the content on your site and how it's
formatted. Take a look about creating posts here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Did you have any other questions about that? i am thinking about it
Here's more about SEO at WordPress.com:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ cool.
Hello,\nGood morning.\nI'm working on SEO for my WordPress site.\nThe
concern is, for the search term \trimester three the terrific labour\ my
website
https://babybumpandbeyondweb.com/2017/04/01/trimester-three-the-terrific-labour-and-the-best-gift/
appears on top\nBut I've been trying to do the SEO for
https://babybumpandbeyondweb.com/2017/04/01/trimester-three-the-end-or-the-begining/
and I don't see it in google SERPs top pages.\nPlease could you let me
know how to get page one ranking?\nThanks. Cheers. There is no magic
button - you have to work and build up your SEO, we have a few guides
here: http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Let us know if you have more
questions Definitely but once i look into the link youve sent. cheers. I
can't see my tagline on search engines? can you tell me why? What can I
do to fix this? This is what would be displayed on search engines:
http://cld.wthms.co/o6Nq If you changed it recently, Google can take
some time to index the changes You can also indicate a crafted
description for search engines here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/808sandblues.com On Front Page
Meta Description The information on Google index for your site domain
name is cached from a few days ago. As you have connected Google search
console, it will be eventually updated. We have a seminar for Business
users that explains how to optimize your site for search engines You
seem to be busy, I will close this chat window for now but feel free to
start a new chat when you have time! Hoe kan ik zorgen dat mensen me
gemakkelijker vinden via google. Hi. You can try a few things --
basically, make your site as active as possible, publish posts regularly
That's how Google will start ranking your site higher (I used Google
Translate to read your message) Also, this process is gradual -- you
will not see the results overnight. We have a guide here on how to
improve your Google ranking:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ how do i
get to my tools\n which tools? Oh I am sorry I found it. B Hi there
again. I am slightly confused with all the different things you need. I
have Wordpress.com but I can not get Yoast SEO correct? I could if I
upgrade to the Business plan? do I also need a host for my blog? Like
bluehost? So, there's two versions of WordPress There's WordPress.com
the company and host, us But, there's also the open-source WordPress
software anyone can use that software, even a competing business and
host But! The version we use here on WP.com doesn't allow plugins like
Yoast So those are features offered by hosts such as Blue Host,
Pressable, etc. https://get.wp.com/ However, we do the bulk of SEO for
our sites automatically So you may not need a service like Yoast So are
you talking about WP.org that is available to anyone? They allow the
Yoast plugin? when you say anyone it is a free download that I can
transfer to myself? Is it my same plan that I already have with WP It's
more like... Technically, Android is free and open-source but many
companies, like Amazon and Samsung use it not just Google To install the
plugins you're discussing, you'd need the equivalent of an Amazon or
Google to host your site Does that make more sense? If I get Bluehost
how does that all combine into one with WP and them. How do I connect?
them all You would need to pay Blue Host to host your site, instead so
you'd pay your money to them, instead of us I would not need to pay
again in a yr. just them. it's like moving into a new apartment Ok got
it ..thank so much we have a full guide on moving here:
https://move.wordpress.com/ Hi,\nI finished my website about 3 weeks
ago, and clicked on \public\ for it to be published ...i payed ....and
still i can't find it propaly ! and there is still no description
underneath the coachingvannes.com...somme probleme with robot
text...something.\nplease can you help! thanks Let me take a look! This
is for coachingvannes.com, correct? Alright, first, can you see the site
if you go directly to coachingvannes.com? (I am able to see the site at
that address.) yes i can see it ...but there is no description... Do you
mean there's no description when you search for it, say in Google?
Google takes a number of weeks (usually around 5-7) to update when a
site is changed from private to public. Once they've completed that
process, your site's description will show in Google. when i write
coachingvannes.com i can see the title appear, but underneath the title
the description is no available...because of a robot txt ...thingy... oh
ok ... so i have to wait 2/3 wweks more.... it's a bit sad... because
i'm paying for nothing during this time :( Your site is still public,
and visitors can go to it at coachingvannes.com directly, so they'll
still be able to see your work. You can also share your site on social
media sites, which will help folks see it as well. And don't worry,
Google will catch up to things :) thanks you ! have a good day ;) You're
welcome! You too, thanks! :) hey I have a question about your business
plan Sure. What's up? what is the difference from the premium plan So,
you'll have Unlimited Storage Space Will be able to remove WordPress.com
Branding from your footer Will have Google Analytics Integration:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-analytics/ And some advanced SEO
tools:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2016/10/03/attract-more-visitors-to-your-business-site-with-our-advanced-seo-tools/
Also, you'll be able to schedule a one-on-one orientation with a
Happiness Engineer to set up your site Hi, I have tried to add Yoast to
my page analytics but every time i try I am told I need to buy a Jetpack
from you guys? Is there any way to have that removed? THX Mike Let me
pull up your account. This is for theguitaraces.com, right? Hello, I was
wondering if I could get some assistance starting the process of making
my website more SEO friendly lol Sure thing! How can I help you? Well,
to my understanding, SEO involves making tags that can be easily
searched for on Google. The problem is that it won't let me tag pages,
apparently Not really. Keyword tags were deprioritized by most major,
reputable search engines like Google because so many webmasters and
\black hat\ SEO practitioners were gaming the system by engaging in
what's known as \keyword stuffing.\ That's where they would basically
just load a site up with keyword tags, many of them unrelated to the
content itself, just to drive up traffic and thus boost search engine
visibility and rankings So does SEO really matter then? So sometime
maybe 8-9 years ago, Google deprioritized it, and since then search
engines have largely focused on things like age of the site, content
quality, site loading speed, etc. There are probably 200+ factors that
determine a site's search engine ranking, all of which is pretty much a
trade secret. Well, it does matter, but only if you use the modern
definition of SEO. That is, SEO matters only if you follow
tried-and-true practices: write good, quality content that your readers
will want to read and will entice them to come back to; write often; use
appropriate keywords logically in your content; promote your site using
third-party networks like social media. well it's funny. If I google my
site name, I'm first, but that obviously is far different from googling
\Christian comics\ and having my site pop up WordPress was built with
SEO in mind, so in many ways you don't have to do anything to boost your
SEO. Right, exactly. If your site title is unique of course you'll rank
higher because probably no one else is trying to rank for that. Well,
THAT'S encouraging, considering I don't have good traffic to begin with
lol But something generic and popular like \Christian comics\ is going
to be so huge that you will need to do a lot of work to boost your
rankings. And that means write often, write a LOT. What's your site
about? Christian comics, you said? I haven't actually opened your site.
Let me take a look. This site, right? https://innermantheatre.com/
That's the one Okay, so here's a quick tip: your front page is mostly
images, and while that's a good thing from a visual standpoint (most
visitors have super short attention spans, so having images that they
can scan is good), it's not so good from an SEO standpoint because
search engines like TEXT and can't actually read images. So you might
want to add some text to your home page. I just Googled \Christian
comics\. How would I know if Google even recognizes me by that
genre/keyword? In answer to your question about Google recognizing you,
you will need to make sure that when you write content, you add
\Christian comics\ to your posts and pages, BUT only if it makes sense
and is logical to include that. So in other words, don't include the
phrase \Christian comics\ in an article about, say, \how to choose the
right Sunday school\. (That's just an example, but you know what i
mean...) Ok, I can do that. I'm just glad you didn't say I did the
complete opposite, considering it was mostly text at one point haha
Yeah. :-) Ok, what else do you see? So, I'll probably put a quick
sentence under each big caption, and add the big caption \Clean
Christian Comics\ at the top, or something like that Yeah, that would be
a great start. Write more articles. I see a lot of photos/images/media,
not enough text. Your articles tend to be super short (keep in mind I'm
just skimming your site and haven't seen everything). You can get away
with that when you're seeing tons of traffic because you're working on a
big audience by then, but as you're starting out, you will want to write
more longer pieces. Even 200 words is better than 50. Well, the point of
my articles is supposed to be the shortness. It's taking big,
complicated doctrines and such, and breaking them down for folks. That
and the fact that even though the text lessons are intended to be
longer, I have to be careful not to be too long because of the attention
span issue, especially considering they get the entire post in their
email and not just the notification that I posted, which results in
their email window making the text look twice as hefty as it actually
is. I totally get that. In which case, you could post more *often*, and
keep your text in mind as you post. In other words, don't do this: write
a 50-word article about a series of Christian comics, but then you never
actually use the phrase in the copy. If you're trying to rank for a
particular keyword phrase, yoiu have to make sure that phrase is
inserted somewhere -- logically! -- in your copy. For longer pieces, use
the \Read more\ tag to truncate what shows up in your subscribers' email
windows. I'll go ahead and close this chat window, but if you need
further assistance, please feel free to open a new chat window! You were
looking to add Yoast is that correct, to your theguitaraces.com site?
With Plugins, at WordPress.com we have a number of them installed
already for you. Here is more information on plugins, but you do not
have the ability to add that particular one through your plan.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/plugins/ If you are looking to increase
your SEO I can certainly provide some information to you. of course I
have a few different sites that can help with SEO. Once our chat has
ended, this transcript will be emailed to you in case you would like to
reference them in the future as well. :) Here is our main support site.
It has 3 links off of it: Here is a more specific site about how to
develop your content etc to help your rank: We do also offer these tools
under our Business Plan if you are ever interested in the future: can
you point me into the area where i can expect the plans Definitely, here
is the link that can show you what is offered in each plan:
https://wordpress.com/plans So I need to pay you for a plan to load free
software To have access to the additional SEO Tools you would need the
plan yes. As I mentioned there are lots of ways to increase your rank by
following the tips on those pages I sent you as well. or host it
somewhere else too right? Yes, here are the differences between .com and
.org if you are interested: https://en.support.wordpress.com/com-vs-org/
why would i want .org? If you were looking to install your own plugins.
Such as Yoast. or I could use another platform that wordpress right?
than not that I am not sure I understand what you mean. I can take my
website elswhere That is definitely your right to have your site
wherever you like. Lots of people choose a host based on their needs and
the needs of their site. Hi There, how do I find where to change the
information that comes up about a business when you type in the address
bar? For example, TuckahoeOrtho.com, says - Orthopedic Group in Richmond
Virginia - Tuckahoe Orthopaedics\ and I would like to carry that over to
their new site. Do you know where I may find this? (Also where do I find
where to put the description that will come up in Google searches ...
you know the couple of sentence descriptions.) Thank you!! Awesome!
Thank you!! You're welcome. I will start with the address bar. Currently
your WordPress.com site will display because it is set to the primary.
If you go to:
https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/tuckahoeortho.wordpress.com You can
change your custom domain to the Primary so it will display in the
address bar. so what is the cost of the upgrade to be able to use toast?
I can take a look at that for you. We are mapping it this weekend. Ok,
you can certainly wait to change that if you like. I am just worried
about like when I go to tuckahoeortho.wordpress.com and the address bar
has a sentence ... i would like to change it to \Orthopedic Group in
Richmond VA\ etc. instead of the sentence i have right now In the
meantime, your site description would be here:
https://wordpress.com/customize/tuckahoeortho.wordpress.com If you could
click on Site Identity, you will see it listed. You can change it here
and save the changes. Is this where it changes it in the address bar? Do
you mean the white bar that says: https://tuckahoeortho.wordpress.com/
or do you mean what is displayed on the tab at the top of that? That's
ok, no worries i mean more like the meta title Is settings > site
tagline what shows up in a Google search? (Where it displays the name of
the company and a few lines of text.) Just want to make sure I place
that copy in the appropriate place. Yes Google will usually use both the
site title and the tagline in the search. Do you know which one it will
typically pull? For the descriptions on the Google search page... It
will most often use both the site title and the tagline. Last quick
question, how do I change the social links at the bottom of the site (to
remove a few and change to new click-thrus)> *? I can check that section
for you. If you go to:
https://wordpress.com/customize/tuckahoeortho.wordpress.com And then
choose Menu. Then Social Media. You can add or remove items that are
displayed in that section. Awesome!!! Thanks very much!! You're welcome.
Is there anything additional I can help with/ I promise last question!
When I domain map the site Friday, do you have information on setting it
up? The best advice I can give would be to follow this page:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/map-existing-domain/ It is fairly
simple, you will want the name servers change to be with us. All the
details are on that page. Then you can change your custom domain to
primary at that point. Does it matter who it is currently hosted with?
(sorry i know last question!!) I will print out the above. Seriously
thanks for all your help with everything! It shouldn't. Each company may
have a different set up, but you can always contact them and most are
great to help you. And if you have any questions as you are going
through the process please feel free to contact us. And you are very
welcome. This is why we are here! :) I reallllyyy appreciate it, have a
great night!!!! how do I add code so I can use google webmasters\n hey
there Would you like to connect Google search console? thats the one :D
You can use the HTML tag on alternate methods on Google search console
Then paste it on your site -> Settings ->traffic Let me know if you need
help with it yeah i think i might i just tried it and it did not work :S
Which error did you have? i just uploaded a pic Could you change your
site domain on Google search console to this: https://media-linc.com/
thats all it needed thank you :) Open a new chat if you have more
questions! Hola, \nEstoy intentanto mejorar mi sitio web y me gustaría
saber como poner el dominio gratuïto que promete el plan elegido.
\n\nSería de gran ayuda también, darme algunas recomendaciones para
llegar a mi público objetivo. \n\nGracias. Para el dominio bastará que
vayas a tu página de http://wordpress.com/ y verás un pequeño mensaje
que dice \claim domain\ en el menú, ahí puedes registrarlo :) Good
morning,\nI have two domains under one account but I'm concerned one
domain is overshadowing the other. For instance, I can't find the URL
for www.ce-gateshead.org.uk when I google Christ Embassy Gateshead, but
I can see that of BEST Initiatives when I google it. Also I would like
to separate contact us routing for both sites. Thank you. Sigues ahí? :)
Both domains are displaying different sites, so is no danger of
overlapping :) . The only is that Google will rank them differently
depending on how you index on their search engines In any case, Google
does not index (makes your blog visible) immediately, you will have to
wait until the search engine decides to check your site (normally can
take up to a month) to include it. Also your site is pretty new, you
have to keep writing quality content and be constant to show up as a
relevant search when people looks for certain terms. But one is showing
already? How about separating contact us route between both sites? Both
are showing different sites already , yes :) The contact us is the same
email as both are under your same email account on WordPress.com ,
bestinitiatives@icloud.com , you can change that editing the contact
form In this tutorial you'll see how you can change the \to\ parameter
to send the email to a different address:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/forms/contact-form/ I would like a
different email for each Parece que no estás por aquí, voy a cerrar este
chat por ahora, pero por favor, si tienes más preguntas no dudes en
abrirlo nuevamente, recibirás un email con nuestra conversación para que
no pierdas nada. Que tengas un día genial Would you help me do that? I
can guide you, of course. I guess you'd like to change the one on
https://ce-gateshead.org.uk/ , right ? yes to cegateshead@gmail.com pls
Great, so please go to that site on http://wordpress.com/ , there you go
to Pages and edit the page titled \Contact\ When you're there let me
know :) I'm there right now. Thanks. Great, so now, you'll see some code
that is the contact form, something like [contact-form]\n[contact-field
label=\Name\ type=\name\ required=\true\ /]\n[contact-field
label=\Email\ type=\email\ placeholder=\Your Email Address\
required=\true\ /] This is just an example, yours might be different :)
on the HTML? Great, now just inside that, for example after the word
contact-form , add the following: to='cegateshead@gmail.com' It will
look something like [contact-form to='cegateshead@gmail.com' label=''
somethingelse='' ] Just adding the to='cegateshead@gmail.com' parameter
to the others, will do the deal :) It's a bit complicated. Could you do
that form please? for me Unfortunately we can't, but I can guide you You
only need to edit [contact-form] to be instead [contact-form
to='cegateshead@gmail.com'] [contact-form to='cegateshead@gmail.com'
label='' somethingelse='' [contact-field label=\Name\ type=\name\
required=\1\/][contact-field label=\Email\ type=\email\
required=\1\/][contact-field label=\Website\ type=\url\/][contact-field
label=\Comment\ type=\textarea\ required=\1\/][/contact-form] That's
what it looks like. If you just edit for me with the email address I'll
copy and paste. Thank you. You can delete the label='' somethingelse=''
part, was just an example. Right, let me do that There you go:
[contact-form to='cegateshead@gmail.com' ][contact-field label=\Name\
type=\name\ required=\1\/][contact-field label=\Email\ type=\email\
required=\1\/][contact-field label=\Website\ type=\url\/][contact-field
label=\Comment\ type=\textarea\ required=\1\/][/contact-form] I have
copied and pasted it. Great. That's all then :) So I can build any
number of sites from the same account? That's right, is also
recommended, as you only have to login into one account to manage them
all They will only have in common your WordPress.com email
bestinitiatives@icloud.com for notifications regarding your account and
other similar stuff, but you can set a different email for each of them
Thank you so much. God bless Also, if you use custom domains, you might
be interested in create custom emails via an email forwarding, for
example it could be info@ce-gateshead.org.uk , here's how:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/email-forwarding/ You're welcome! Have
a good day and let us know if you have further questions! :) Name:
BEST\n\nEmail: bestinitiatives@icloud.com\n\nWebsite:
http://bestinitiatives.org.uk\n\nComment: Testing\n\nTime: April 26,
2017 at 9:08 am\nIP Address: 90.221.63.131\nContact Form URL:
https://ce-gateshead.org.uk/contact?iframe=true_preview=true\nSent by a
verified WordPress.com user. I just tested it and that's what I got. It
actually came to the email I specified, but I would like; Name: Church
Office Website: www.ce-gateshead.org.uk email: cegateshead@gmail.com
There are fields that cannot be changed, as the contact form grabs the
information from your WordPress.com account, that's the same to all your
sites. I'd recommend you set up an email forwarding as the link above,
that way users will send to every specific email and you'll receive them
in the same place How pls? Here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/email-forwarding/ , that way your
visitors write to one address and you always receive them in the email
account you'd like, for example the gmail one I'll look at the link
later. Thanks for your help. You're welcome! We're here if you need help
setting that up :) Hi Guys, \nI like the pakage i have. I would like to
know if i can create an advert with google and bing. \nI want to know if
its fine to advertise my website.\n I want to know if its fine to
advertise my website ON OTHER SITES Sure thing, you mean like AdWords?
Where you pay Google to advertise your site? Sure thing, no problem at
all :) yes like adwords Indeed, nothing to worry about, you're free to
do it :D what other way can i drive traffic to my website which other
way can i drive traffic to my website There's some tools already built
in into WordPress.com, for example Publicize, here's a cool guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ i have
read most of the notes. are there no platforms and tools that you can
recommend Besides Publicize to automatically publish your posts on
social media and tag accordingly so it will show up as relevant on the
WordPress.com reader, there's not much to do. Paid advertising is
something pretty good to, but at the end of the day remember that takes
time to build an audience :) So good content and be constant, better to
grow slowly with engaging users that will thousands of followers that
don't check your site You're welcome! Have a good one and good luck
growing your site! even I have changed my plan I'm not getting more
views after publishing the site. \nwhat should I do? Getting visitors to
your site takes time, keep writing, share a link to your site on social
media, the users will follow I did what ever I can but even then I'm not
getting views at all Another option is to advertise your sites on
platforms like Facebook Ads and Google Adwords but in my opinion you
should just keep adding more content and target a specific audience can
you see my site and give suggestions to improve my site more
effectively? The general wisdom for more visitors is to write more
unique content and share it on social media so it'll go viral I see you
favor images over text, that is indeed great for kids but search engines
like text so maybe add some articles that explain about the importance
of studying for parents? here are more details
tips:\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
you too. Bye. How do I get my site to pop on search engines more? Hi
there, I'd recommend checking the resources linked in this guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ My pleasure! Chat again if you
need more help. SEO and meta tags.\nHi - I need to make sure The 80s
Music Festival appears in all search engines. I'm a bit confused on how
I do tags and categories. Please can you help? Hey there! :) I'd be
happy to help out. The good news is that WordPress.com already takes
care of most SEO concerns for you! We have a blog post about this, if
you're interested:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ Yes, I
took a look at that We also have a really helpful blog post about making
your blog more search engine friendly:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
You mentioned wanting to add tags and categories. Are you referring to
your blog posts? Mine is actually set up as a website rather than a blog
This page -
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/the80smusicfestival.com - has
most of the settings you'd want to change if you wanted to make any
changes to SEO on your site. WordPress.com takes care of most of it
out-of-the-box, so there generally isn't much to change. If you wanted
more specific insights into how the popular search engines see your
site, we also have a how-to guide on setting that up:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Thanks - what do I do
about Page Title Structure? I don't understand it :-( That section lets
you change how your site's title appears to search engines, and in
browser tabs. For example, your site currently says \The 80s Music
Festival | The 80s Music Festival\ in the browser tab, if I go to your
homepage. We give you the ability to change that to something else, if
you'd like. Oh.... I only want it to say 'The 80s Music Festival'
Gotcha! So, in the \Front Page\ box, press the \+ Site Title\ button
right above that box. So it should only have your site title in the
\Front Page\ box. Once you save your changes, this will update your
front page, so that it only displays the site title - and not the
tagline, which happens to be identical. Great. I've done this. Can I now
ask you about 'Posts'? We can skip the Posts box, because your site only
has 1 post - which isn't currently visible, because your site is
structured more like a standard website with pages. Okay, that's great.
Then there's the 'Pages' section. Thanks for taking me through this! The
'Pages' section is similar to the 'Front Page' one from earlier, but
it's for specific pages. Example:
https://the80smusicfestival.com/health-healing-wellbeing-zone/ is a page
The title in my browser says \Chill-out zone\ - so it's currently setup
to just show the page title. You could optionally add something like
your site title to the page, so it could be like Page Title | Site Title
Which would make it: Chill-out Zone | The 80s Music Festival Great. I've
just done that. Is that what it's now showing? It's currently all
together as one word. Be sure to add a space, or character (like the |
character) in between the site and page titles. Ah! I see. Better? Yes!
Much :) It now displays correctly. You can also check for yourself by
going to a specific page, and viewing how it appears in the title of the
browser window/tab Getting there... Now the 'Tabs' bit. I don't
understand that one You're welcome! I'm taking a look as well. The
\Tags\ one is also one we can largely leave alone. It's how tags are
displayed, when you add a tag or category to a blog post. And I'm
guessing I just leave 'Archives' alone Oh. Okay. I thought it was to do
with how people might type in a search - like Meta tags? That part is a
little further down, under the \Website Meta\ section. We let you change
your site's front page meta description. Yes. I've had an attempt at
that. Not sure if it's okay. I was looking for a section where I add
keywords that people might search within search engines so I come up
more often? So I leave Tags and Archives blank? Most search engines no
longer rely on meta keywords when deciding how to rank or index your
site, so we do not include them on that page. Yes, you can leave
tags/archives set to their default values. okay. Is that everything I
need to do on this then? It'll be fine for search engines, etc? Yep! In
fact, you can see your site in Google results by looking it up directly:
https://www.google.com/#q=site:+%22the80smusicfestival.com%22 Something
I did notice, is that you'll want to change the default \excerpts\ for
some of your pages. For example, your Contact page appears like this on
Google:\n\This is just a short excerpt for the contact page.\ Oh! How do
I do that? If you go directly to a page, such as this one:
https://wordpress.com/page/the80smusicfestival.com/3 You should see a
list of options to your right. If you don't see the options, please
click on the \Page Settings\ button in the upper right. Among the list
of options, you should see these two: \SEO Description\ \More Options\
Please expand both. Okay done Great! You should now see \This is just a
short excerpt for the contact page.\ in the \Excerpt\ box. Yes, I do You
should replace that with something more descriptive, and then copy that
same text into the SEO Description box above. What kind of thing would
you suggest? That text will appear directly under your Google search
result for that page. For example, on our contact page, it appears as
\The best place to ask a question related to your WordPress.com blog.\
I've said: The best place to ask any questions about The 80s Music
Festival. That sounds great to me! :) I'd consider reviewing your other
pages as well, as the Contact page wasn't the only one with this issue.
Do I need to do similar for every page? LOL okay. It says featured image
in Page Settings. Do I put an image in there? No need to put an image
there if you're happy with how the page currently looks. Depending on
the theme you're using, the \Featured Image\ can appear in a specific
place in your page and is usually highlighted. Okay great. Can you see
anything with the website that might need doing before I let you go? It
depends on what vision you have for your website. :) Oh? I personally
think that if you are happy with your site, and if it accomplishes the
purpose you have for it, then there isn't anything else to work on! We
generally don't offer too much advice in terms of website design. Okay -
no problem. Thank you for your help. You've been great :-) I'm always
happy to help out! :) Let us know if we can help with anything else. how
do I do SEO....do I have to upgrade? if i upgrade....does word press
manage the SEO? Am i linked to Google analytics? does that do the SEO or
help? :) thanks Hello! I'm more than happy to address these questions
for you -- these are important questions, since you obviously want
people to find your site when they search for related topics on Google
and other search engines. First, the very good news is that each and
every WordPress.com site comes SEO -- we do a great deal of the heavy
lifting behind the scenes and under the hood so that you don't have to.
yes...everytime I ask people to type in Crosslaketownsquare...nothing
comes up:( that is good news There are things that you can do to improve
your SEO without any additional upgrade -- we list several of them in
these posts:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ gracias!!
If you're looking for more hands-on tools and more control over the SEO
tools that we use on your behalf, the WordPress.com Business plan does
come with advanced SEO, so that's something you could always consider if
you'd like to invest more energy and resources on this. so it looks like
SEO is something I need to learn and execute daily myself? so it appears
that SEO tools are there but I will need to learn it and execute it
daily myself? It's a combination of several elements. One part is the
technical part, which we take care of for you so you don't have to worry
about -- creating your sitemap for search engines to index your site,
and making sure everything else is formatted as it should for your site
to be listed in the most optimal manner. is there someone I can hire to
do the SEO? this is not my wheel house The other part is the way you, as
the site owner, promote your own site and make it a destination that
appeals to people. That's ultimately what drives people to visit your
site: if the information or insight you provide there is of value to
them. Search engines care the most about whether your content is what
people are interested in looking at. That's something you could
consider, sure. On the technical side of things, unless you're thinking
about upgrading to WordPress.com Business, there are no other tools for
you or them to tinker with. how would I know what is valueable? is it
trial and error? But on the content side, if you think that hiring a
freelance writer to publish on your site could help -- for example, to
ensure there's often fresh content on your site -- you could certainly
explore that option. And yes, it's a combination of trial, error, and
patience -- it takes time for a site to build \reputation\ for SEO
purposes. so if I upgarde to the business plan....I don't have to do
anything myself for better SEO? Not exactly -- upgrading to
WordPress.com Business opens up a new set of tools for you to use,
whether you decide to do it yourself or find someone else to do it on
your behalf. When you upgrade to Business you also have access to our
Concierge services, with Happiness Engineers who'd be happy to help you
find the right path to SEO success. ps...I am a small business and I
don't have the skill to do eveything....just looking for best use of my
time Of course, that makes sense -- I'm sure you have dozens of other
things to take care of every single day. sounds like i need to hire a
local freelancer to do the daily work on the website:) The idea with SEO
isn't necessarily to spend whole days on getting everything right and
then leaving it to its own devices. It's more about making smaller, but
more regular investments to make sure your site appeals to your target
audience. It doesn't even need to be a daily thing! You can start small,
see if you notice any difference after a couple of weeks, and go from
there. bummer:) makes sense. thanks a bunch for explaining it to me. I
am so new to this arena:) have a great day. All of this aside, I want to
stress that your site is already optimized for web searches by our
software. We take care of all the under-the-hood stuff. The rest is up
to you and what your time constraints allow you to do. If you'd like, we
offer a free email course about building a business website. It's all in
small chunks and accessible language -- would you like me to share a
link for you to explore? Here's the link, in case that sounds
interesting to you:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/blogging-university/business-website/
Launch my website (make it searchable via
shirleywillisnakedteaching.com). Hello - how can I help you today with
launching your site? What are the steps to make it searchable on google,
for instance? There are none! Once you created your site, and it's set
as \Public\ -- which it is -- you're good to go. WordPress.com takes
care of all the under-the-hood aspects of indexing and the like so that
search engines can start finding and listing your site. From this point,
a lot of it relies on your publishing -- we recommend keeping a healthy
publication schedule so that search engine know there's fresh content on
your site. so what should i type into google right now to take me to my
website That really depends on what you normally publish about, and how
long it's been since the site has been set up (since it can take search
engines a few days to trawl the web for new sites). Yes. But what do I
tell people to put in their search bar? Oh! I think I may have
misunderstood your question. If you want to share your site's address
with friends, colleagues, etc., you can give them
shirleywillisnakedteaching.com -- that will send them straight to your
homepage. As for people you don't know, once you publish more on your
site, people who look up related terms might start seeing your site in
search results as well. I hope this makes it clearer? I'm happy to
provide more details / information if you'd like. Just now, I typed in
shirleywillisnakedteaching.com and was not directed to my website. Was
this in the Google search bar? I see what you mean - looking up the
domain name doesn't return the site for me, either. Could you help me
solve this problem? While I can't answer for Google, my sense is that
since your site doesn't have any published content -- like posts, an
About page, etc. -- it's possible that it \fell through the cracks\ on
Google's end. It has a welcome page with content and blog links that are
active. Alternatively, what do I type in the url bar? What I would try
to do on your end is publish a couple of pages and posts, share them
with friends and family over email or social media, and let some views
collect. If nothing changes on the Google front after that, then we
could explore other solutions, though ultimately the way Google
determines what they show on their results page is beyond anyone's
control, including ours. In the URL bar, you can type your domain / web
address: shirleywillisnakedteaching.com That takes me directly to your
homepage. Can you see what's on it? Yes -- I see a photo, as well as
some links near the bottom. But under the About heading, for example, I
only see placeholder text -- not original text from the site owner (i.e.
you). I think this isn't an optimal homepage from Google's point of view
-- they might worry that a site with no original content but with many
links is a form of spam. Again, I can't say for sure since none of us
have access to Google's algorithm, but I'd be surprised if customizing
your site's content doesn't also improve the search result situation.
Okay, I think now I know what you mean. And yes, what you're seeing on
the about and blog pages is placeholder at this point. I have spent many
many hours figuring out if it was live BEFORE I uploaded content. Google
just doesn't know about me yet. It Boo-hoo. It will now. Thanks!
Wonderful -- I'm sure Google and your actual readers will enjoy seeing
your upcoming posts. :) And for future reference, when you create a site
on WordPress.com it's public by default -- if you ever want to turn it
to private or hide it from search engines, you'll need to change your
settings accordingly. Our assumption is that people want their sites
visible and easily accessible for as wide an audience as possible! Could
I help you with anything else today? It seems like you may have left,
but we're here to assist you if you ever have any other questions or
concerns. Have a lovely day! I had to stretch. Sorry. Thank you and you
have a great day too!! No problem - Chat at us again if you need
anything else : Will do. Thanks bunches!!! I'm not satisfied because our
website does not appear when searched by the exact name. The only result
is my Google ad. How do I verify my site? Hello! I'd be happy to answer
your questions. It sounds like you might be having an issue with search
engine results? Is it I need to register with google or a search engine
issue? Please help me resolve this issue. There is no point in having a
site if people cannot find us. WordPress.com takes care of all the SEO
-- search engine optimization -- needed to make sure your site is
indexed by Google. How Google then decides to rank the site in search
results is up to Google, and depends on many factors -- like how long
your site has been around, how often you publish, whether other,
high-profile sites link to yours, and other considerations. You can read
more about it here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/
Ultimately, as long as your set is site as public -- and yours is -- the
search engines are indexing it. It's just a matter of time and
developing the content on your site, then building an audience. How do I
move up so people can find the Site? We offer various tips and
suggestions for that. Here's one fairly recent post on the topic:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
And another one, in case this might be of interest as well:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
Hi There\n\nWe want to fix our On-Page SEO\nCan you please check our
word press website\ninfo.smallbuilders.com.au\nand advise how we can
manage the H1 tags with this template.\nOr if it is not possible to
change the H1 tags using WordPress.\n\nThanks\n Which h1 do you want to
change? Is it possible to add h1 tag on our template? Normally the site
title is an h1, and sometimes the post titles too, but in your theme
they appear not to be These can't be changed, they depend on the theme
Ohh ok But is there any way how to sort h1? Or what do you recommend?
I'm sorry, I didn't see your most recent message. Are you still there?
If so, what do you mean by sort h1? Bonjour\nI have posted an article on
december 2016 and the blog doesn't always appear on Google\nWhat should
I do ?\nBest regards \n Google does not index (makes your blog visible)
immediately, you will have to wait until the search engine decides to
check your site (normally can take up to a month) to include it. Also
your site is pretty new, you have to keep writing quality content and be
constant to show up as a relevant search when people looks for certain
terms. Here there are some tricks to get more visibility by increasing
the traffic to your site:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ :)
Ciao, cercando su internet \naufrago per sempre\, il nome del mio blog,
mi compare come prima opzione su google questo:
https://naufragopersempre.com/author/inviaggioveritasblog/
(inviaggioveritasblog era il mio primo account che ho cambiato ieri).
Cliccandolo mi viene fuori che la pagina non è stata trovata. Come si
può fare in modo che come primo sito appaia la mia homepage e non
questa? Grazie. We primarily provide support in English, Spanish and
Portuguese. For now, I’ll be replying in English, but you can respond to
me in italian and I’ll enter your messages into Google Translate, I hope
that's ok. Oh, yes sorry, I didn't remember. So, that user
inviaggioveritasblog was an author in your site? It was me, but I
changed it yesterday. It was my old blog Oh, got it!\nSo that page
existed with some content and Google indexed it so that address was
saved on Google's index as that page exists now that you don't have that
user anymore, Google will take sometime to understand that this page do
not exist anymore and stop showing that search result this is up to
Google, every page that exist in a site can be indexed by their bots Ok,
that's why. But will it fix it? I mean, try to write \Naufrago per
sempre\ on google. The first link is that one I wrote to you. Will it
fix automatically? This is up to Google to decide, not a bug in your
site Oh okay got it But it is strange that google recognize it as the
home page and not justwww.naufragopersempre.com *not just
www.naufragopersempre.com It's not recognizing it as your home page, it
knows it another page So why is that the first one it appears? but by
some reason only Google will know, he's choosing to show that page
instead your home page when this search phrase is searched Oh okay! I
can't say, Google decided it. There is no guarantee on which page will
appear exactly, Google bot have his own ways to determine it Ok, thank
you. SEO function - where can i find it? Hi! Good question. Which SEO
items in particular do you want to set up? all SEO stuff We have a SEO
section in your site settings, and on each of your posts and pages. I
think it used to be in a place before, did it change?? If you'd like, I
can give you an overview of the different settings. that would be great
Strange.. in the Site Settings, I don't see the SEO tab anymore Did
something change?? Not recently. The SEO options are in the Traffic tab
here: https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/sherlyskitchen.com it did
not look like that before. Hmm. Maybe describe the settings you saw in
the past, and that'll help give me a clue. i have a question... when
people google \Cheese tasting in Zurich\, I want my website to show up.
How can i do that? That's a good question, and it will take some effort.
You'll want to have lots of quality content on your site that mentions
Cheese tasting and the city name urich. Zurich* What do you mean by
quality content? Do i have to put links? Content people want to read.
Links aren't necessary. aha Google loves sites that have good content on
them, and it prioritizes those over ones that have a bunch of keywords.
i see. what are \quality content\? text? video? images? It can be a mix
of all three. It's moreso something that has thought put into it, clear
sentences, and useful information. i see. so actually adding a blog
related to cheese could work another question, if you google \Sherly's
Kitchen Zurich\ do you see my website? I tried, but it does now show
many times. Yep! Absolutely. This is what I find when I google it:
https://cloudup.com/cSHD8yAh6so Here's an example of a site that ranks
well on Google and has awesome content in it:
https://www.eatingthaifood.com/tom-kha-gai-recipe-%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%B4%E0%B8%98%E0%B8%B5%E0%B8%97%E0%B8%B3-%E0%B8%95%E0%B9%89%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%82%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%B2%E0%B9%84%E0%B8%81%E0%B9%88/
thanks for the example. can you google SHerly's Kitchen? Does my page
come on top? This is what shows when I google just Sherly's Kitchen:
https://cloudup.com/cYyEW0kN00n Let me know if you have any other
questions! hi Ehtisham. lets start our discuss today\n Good morning,
hope you're doing good. insyaalloh i do great Nice. :) Can you tell me a
bit more about what you're looking to do on your site at the moment how
can we start ? And if you have any questions, I'm here as well okey,
first of all i would you to see my web hahaha www.ajwahhalalmart.com
Yep, seeing it. It's a great site you've built so far! hahah i dont hve
any background of IT ot coding so I try it step by step Oh wow,
considering that, it's even great. You're doing a fine job first i need
to know about woocommerce in pdf You mean you'd like to get a
tutorial/guide on WooCommerce? precisely hahahha OK brilliant - we
actually have made a dedicated site with videos, that can guide you
through all the process of setting it up. The guided tour is here:
https://docs.woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-guided-tour-videos/
So, you can give it some time to watch later cool thanks, then, about
SEO how can i set SEO for my web? So, the purpose of SEO is to increase
ranking of your website in Google. For specific keywords/sentences,
e.g., if you want that people should find their site if they're
searching for \Best shoes shop\, you would need to target this sentence
on your site. What is the sentence and phrases you want to target in
searches? \halal shop indonesia\ ? okey, my OS (online shop) is sell
halal food and thing so i choose domain ahhh clever onee.. so, how
chould i be number one in halal shop by WP? to optimal SEO i mean First,
make a list of sentences, like \Halal shop indonesia\, \halal food
indonesia\ and a few more. okey, then? Then, the process to improve SEO
is to write as much good quality content as possible on your site. And,
include the sentences you want to rank for , in your content / blog
posts. But, do not include those sentences in a way that it looks and
sound unnatural. Don't stuff the site with those sentences, use them
naturally when writing articles ohh so as long as i always do this i
could be the first rank? i mean posting post using \these word\ You will
slowly improve your ranking, the more blog posts/articles you write, the
better. It's up to Google what rank it assigns you, but the results are
seen in months - not immediately ohh, I see oke next quest, Also, you
should link your site on social media profiles Like, create a Twitter
and Facebook account for your site okey hmm,, can i change my domain?
Also , I'm linking you to an article on improving SEO here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ Due to the
way domains work, you cannot 'rename' domains, but you can register a
2nd domain. oya? is it linked to my main domain? Yes, so your site can
have multiple domains. The one you set as \primary\ domain, that will
show up in the browser's address bar ohh cool, do they have same
content? ohhh realy? Yes, example you can have domainA.com and
domainB.com attached to the same site. Accessing both will take you to
the same content. The one you set as primary, it will show up in the
address bar (where you type address to open a site, in the browser) ohh
amazing how can i doit? Click \Tambah\ right next to Domains, in the
panel on the left moment i try ahhh i 'm afraid i will lost my 30
minutes. i will check it later hahahah Oh don't worry about it :) but i
already put this in notes oke then about plugin, i saw many plugin in WP
but i'm not really know ab them all. could you tell me what plugin that
i should have to improve my OS by woocommerce? but for free one Plugins
are small tools by 3rd parties, you can use them for different purposes
You can head over to https://wordpress.com/plugins/browse/ -- then
search for the functionality you want Most plugins are free But please
also note the rating that plugin has. It should has a good rating and
reviews would it decrease my memories? i mean, by installed this plugin
will it reduce my capacity in WP? Can you explain what you mean by
decrease memory? You mean the memory/storage you are allowed? Oh, no.
You are on Business plan, so you have access to unlimited storage/memory
:) hahaha yess the stotage So you don't need to worry about it sorry i
try to communicate with a IT expertise, its quite hard hahaha No
problem, you are perfectly fine! oohh i c okey next question, how good
the security of WP to protect my account from hecker, because u know in
OS we put the transaction by paypal or other. Security is excellent, we
manage security and also scan sites for security issues So you should be
good. okey, i understood. but have you hacked by hacker ? i mean the WP
itself No, I have not seen any reports. WordPress is a software, that
can be installed by many different hosting companies. Some hosting
companies do not secure it We secure it at WordPress.com Are you still
with me? ahh my boss call me sorry i c then can i ask coding in
woocommerce? You mean for custom coding? Customizing it? i red if i want
to change something in add product i need to coding something im not
sure ab this For basic modification no I don't think you need to. Check
the \Creating products\ section at
https://docs.woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-guided-tour-videos/#section-4
ohh okey Ehtisham then what else ya let me think first Let me know any
last question you might have. I think our scheduled time is over, but
you have access to 24 hours chat. If any questions come up, you can chat
us any time. can i chat you after this 30 minutes? Yes, you can chat us
24 hours a day on weekdays But not in the scheduled manner - just click
https://wordpress.com/help/contact/ And one of our Happiness Engineers
will help you (not me, but others will be here) oke sure tks anyway Hope
you have a great day ahead! Chat us if any issues come up souhaite une
assitance en francais quel heure ? hi can i have someone who talk
french? Hi there! We primarily provide support in English, Spanish and
Portuguese. We do have some french people in our support staff but
they're not on live chat right now :( ok and when are they available
when they're on live ? I really can't say, each of us have our own
schedules and it can be different on each week in your plateform you
can't ask for a profil someone in french with a commentary on my profil
I think I didn't get it. IF you prefer to, you can ask in French , I can
use Google Translator to read your message :) You can leave a comment by
saying that I wish to be recontacter in french as any telephone or
internet platform you need to have access to a profile or you can leave
an information. I need several explanations and it will be too difficult
I think of all explain and understand in English. ok we can try Donc
j'ai choisi wordpress.com pour créer un site internet professionnel pour
une entreprise, le premier problème que je présente est le suivant: je
trouve que je suis limitée au niveau de l'emplacement du titre de la
police de la grosseur de l'image je ne peux modifier a ma guise j'ai vu
qu'il exister des plugins comme google font ainsi de suite mais je ne
veux pas les dezipper et si jai bien compris cette fonction est
disponible sur wordpress.org et non wordpress.com ? Le deuxieme probleme
est le plugin SEO je dois donner une certaine visibilité à mon site sur
les moteurs de recherche comme google et le paramétrer mais la aussi
suis obliger de dezipper alors que certaines personne lont directement
sur le site worpress jattend vos réponse merci d'avance Pour conclure
les deux points qui m'interessent sont: - le design du site comment
changer a ma guise la police l'emplacement des titres... - le plugin SEO
So, you're right when saying that plugins are available only for
WordPress.org sites, not WordPress.com ones. Right now, plugins are not
available on WordPress.com officially but we're working to launch a new
feature that will let Business users to install plugins on their
WordPress.com sites ok mais dans ce cas la je peuxx pas changer pour
wordpress.org ? parcqu'honnetement j'ai pas compris la différence au
debut il est plus courant en france d'utilise .com que .org We already
have that feature, it's still being tested to be available to all
Business users and you can already activate it in your site, but I need
to warn you that it still something on a beta version being improved You
can move to a WordPress.org site if you want to, you'll need to hire a
hosting service to install WordPress.org software on it then you'll be
able to customize it as you wish but doing it you'll be leaving
WordPress.com services, what means that you'll need to do it by your own
or hire a developer to do it Ok donc non ca m'a lai plus compliqué je
veux réaliser mon site toute seul pour le titre est il possible de
changer l'emplacement avec wordpress.com est il possible d'encadrer ou
de rajouter une image et pour rendre visible mon site au yeux des
internautes ou des clients pour le mettre en ligne sur les moteurs de
recherche To make your site visible, you can set it as public at
https://wordpress.com/settings/general/elitelaboratoire.com , on Privacy
section i know Once it's set as public, search engines will be able to
index your site and start showing it on search results ok mais comment
va til etre indexer je souhaiterai que selon la rechercher mon site
apparaisse en des le debut sur google par exemple si je tape prothese
dentaire martinique j'aimerai quil apparaisse tous au debut lui donner
une visibilité So, first your site need to be public. Google will find
your site when somebody (or you) share that site on social media
profiles or have links from other sites So indexing is the first step
Once is indexed, Google will show your site on searchs related to it,
but every site talking about the same topics wants to be the first too,
so it's like a competition Which site will appear first will depend on
Google, not on your platform. mais je pensais que cela pouvait se
programmer a l'aide de SEO je veux dire j'ai deja travailler dans des
entreprise ou sur google il pouvait choisir des mots cles ou il
apparaissait en premier afin d etre retrouver et donc comment puis je
indexer mon site seulement en partageant le lien So, there is no
keywords area at WordPress.com because in fact it doesnt' work anymore.
Google announce at 2009 that keyword tags do not help you to have better
rankings There is also on post on their blog about that
https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2009/09/google-does-not-use-keywords-meta-tag.html
So you don't need to focus on meta keywords, but on having good content
c 'est à dire mais enfaite je trouve ca un peu léger si payer wordpress
nous aide pas a avoir une visibilité sur internet au final je suis pas
vraiment satisfaite parcque à part la base y a rien je veux dire si
c'etait pour faire un blog personnel mais la cest professionel a quoit
sa sert de payer 24 euros par mois au lieu des 8 euros dans ce cas
You're paying WordPress to have a site using the best technology that we
can provide but we can't guarantee web rankings as it depends on Google
and it's totally related with content that you'll create on that site.
There's not site platform that can guarantee web rankings as it do not
depend on them We can guarantee that all technical aspects are ok to let
you have good rankings on search engines, but we're not responsible for
Google rankings or what you'll write in your site and your content is
what can make that difference donc qu 'est que vous me conseillez de
faire pour qu'on retrouve mon site sur les moteurs de recherche en
fonction de la localisation ect You can set it as public, then create
new content and invest time in spreading your content on social channels
and groups that are interested in the same subjects you write Hi there.
Just have a query about a URL please. Sure, how can I help you? Hi -
sorry I also just emailed so please disregard that :) I just have a
query about a URL turning up on my Google Analytics that I have never
seen before. Just wanted to get another opinion on it. Ok, what are the
URLs you see in Google Analytics? My last post has gone really well with
some massive traffic - well for me at least. Haha. Along with post URL I
have noticed this one as well... https://thirtysummers.com/hqph30bdc5b
I've never seen that before - it doesn't exist on my site - and it
hasn't come up as a ghost bot spam or anything before. I just wondered
if it can be in anyway attached to the post that I just published. Maybe
an address that a certain browser or device might generate? My latest
post is this one...
https://thirtysummers.com/2017/04/26/10-stunning-locations-to-view-autumn-leaves-near-melbourne/
I'm only really asking as more than 200 visits are being shown as
hitting that URL. That would be a shame if it's really happening of
course. But maybe it's just a clever spambot. As I say I've never had
that show in GA before. Hmmm... let me verify this. Thanks! Who am I
chatting with by the way? My name is Maciej :) Nice to meet you :) The
pleasure is on my side :) Is this the only strange URL? Actually I have
just noticed that that URL doesn't show in the WP stats. Hmm... looks
like some GA spam? Thoughts. Yes that's the only one. I do have pretty
current spam filters on my GA It's interesting. My biggest day before
was about 5,000 views but this post is bringing more than 10,000 a day
through. It seems somehow connected to this large traffic increase. This
looks a bit like traffic from a referrer bot. Yup agreed. Thanks for
that. I do have one other question if I can trouble you please Sure,
please ask :) IT's a question about Page Structure Titles is there a
link or anything that can explain this a little more? You might be
interested in the links below. You will find there detailed information
about how to organize your website and make it SEO friendly: and these
deal specifically with Page Title Structure? It covers various topics
around how to organise the content on the website to make it SEO
friendly. Cool. Thx. Just specifically on the Page Titles section do you
just drag and drop want you want to appear in the browser bar etc... I'm
not quite sure what it does? Cheers You mean those settings?
http://cld.wthms.co/at87P that's right :) You can write your own title
and taglines or add the default on by clicking on the + button Or you
can also mix them together. http://cld.wthms.co/LaML0 Everything depends
from your needs. The more accurate the description will be to your
website content the better. Oh cool. So this is just what displays in
the title area it doens't effect the URL at all? Yes, exactly. Does it
have any impact on SEO do you know. Do bots read it? search bots I
should say Google focuses strong now on content friendly for real humans
(your visitors), the more the title is accurate to content the more the
bots will like it. It also allows your visitors to decide if the website
is worth visiting if they see the title in the search results. Ok cool.
Got it. thanks for your help today!! :) Sometimes if you see a website
around the 5th position on the first search results page you will click
on it because it has a better title and description than the one on the
first position. You are welcome :) Will do cheers! ahh okay Here are the
features of the Business plan, compared to other plans:
https://wordpress.com/pricing/ Hello \n\ngood morning , i have followed
instruction for getting a webmaster code , but they ask ma aso a site ap
please help, how do i know our site map address?\n\nbest regards\n\nputu
martika Hi Putu good morning, hi sorry to bother you in the morning You
can access your sitemap at http://seminyakbalidrivers.com/sitemap.xml
Not a bother at all :) I am happy to help :) so i will register that
site now Can you tell me what are you trying to do? Are you trying to
verify your site with Google? just to register the site map on google
yes yes now just copywhat you tell me and put them on the site map form
Where it asks for sitemap address, add
http://seminyakbalidrivers.com/sitemap.xml ok sir i have done it so
thank you very much for your help and one more question on google search
consule , i have seen my last website address as
seminyakbalidriver.wordpress.com but they asking to verify actually i
have just registered the new website address www.seminyakbalidrivers.com
so what should i do with it? i mean just leave it? because webmastertool
Can you delete seminyakbalidriver.wordpress.com by clicking Delete
property: https://db.tt/lyQqdY27aP And add seminyakbalidrivers.com as
the new property. Here's add property button: https://db.tt/HO1Aas3cra
yes i did add new property and verifyed yes i have done it so i just
need to delete it ya i mean the old web address it;s that right? Yes, it
is a good idea to delete the old address. good. thank you i have did it
well aim sure is take some time to appear on gooogle because last time
our website blog is on the first search rank now i see it's gone after i
buy the new domain may be is need time for google to index WordPress.com
automatically sends notifications to Google with every post and page
update. Google and other search engines can take 4-6 weeks or more to
add any new sites.\n\nWordPress.com takes care of indexing your site and
all of the necessary SEO for you. So you only have to focus on creating
your content. thank you If you are keen to improve your site's ranking
in Google, here are some steps you can follow: so what it that ok , i
will learn about it and keep in touch my new friend all god now aim
going to write sme of my blog new Go for it! All the best for your site
:) I just took my site public and when I search it on google I get this
message: robots.txt and there is no site description. Why is this
happening and how do I fix the problem. Please be specific. My site is
www.boomer-100.com Since you have just edited that option, it is
necessary to wait a few days while Google reads your website again I
need to add an HTML tag from google to verify my site It is possible to
add that Google's metatag on My Site > Settings > Traffic. Here is the
direct link to that section: https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/
Great, thanks Oi, Luca!\n\nAcabei de assinar o plano pessoal. No caso,
estava interessado em saber mais sobre esse plugin jetpak para melhorar
o SEO do blog. Dei uma pesquisada na internet e vi que ele otimiza
melhor o blog para Google, Bing e outros mecanismos de busca. Mas
gostaria de saber em que exatamente eles ajudam. Pode me dar uma
explicada? \n\nAlém disso, por mais que eu esteja aumentando as
publicações do blog desde o mês passado, vi pouca mudança no número de
visualizações. O que eu poderia fazer para começar a ter mais audiência?
Olá!\nO Jetpack já está instalado por padrão em todos os sites do
WordPress.com, porém, as ferramentas avançadas de SEO só estão
disponíveis para sites com o plano Negócios. Temos algumas dicas de como
auementar as visitas de seu site aqui:
https://br.support.wordpress.com/conseguindo-mais-visualizacoes-e-trafego
I'd like to verify my website to google but that does not seem to work.
Can you assist me?\n I'd be happy to - what steps have you done so far?
well i have changed my settings for the google meta I'm taking a look
now and it looks like you're missing part of the code But now that i
look at it hmm correct There should be a set of numbers/letters and that
should be 2 sets right? what do i set as meta name? 1 set owh euhm It
should look like this: this is how it looks like now drop the .html? Not
quite :) You need the meta code, not the HTML code in the coding hmm
what google tells me to do is dl a .html file and inside is this code
they actually want you to make that a page on yourwebsite On that page,
there should be alternatives euhm Let me show you You see the alternate
method tab here?
https://en-support.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/googlewebmaster2.png let
me check one sec ok so that is linked is there a way to manually send a
sitemap to google for faster indexing? cause i've had the site for like
10 days but i don't turn up in google search results Yes I believe so
Let me get you the link to your sitemap Here is the link
https://scoaching.nl/sitemap.xml Note though that when search engines
find a new site, it does take a little while for it to be displayed
properly when searched for by people. i understand that i also heard
that when people link to your website on social media google picks it up
faster since its interesting enough for others to share It does help,
yes. The more incoming link you get the better, especially when they
come from reliable/high traffic sites cool man intereseting information
i'm gonna experiment with the sitemap thing for a sec if i need more
help i'll give you a shout ;) Sounds good, we'll be around! hi man I'm a
woman :) how do you add hreflang tags to yourwebsite? That's not
possible actually owh ok owh sorry about the man thing It's OK :) about
the hreflang is there something i need to upgrade in order to be able to
do that? or is it not possible in general? It's not possible in general
- we do have more SEO options though if you upgrade to the Business
plan. You can see what you get here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ all right i think at one
point that will be coming up since i want to generate traffic via my
website ofc it's like a learning proces starting from building one to
understanding how all the traffic comes along and learning some tips and
tricks there ^^ We have this guide that I like on building traffic:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ thats
interesting printed and in the to do list to read ;) btw i have made a
couple of whitepapers i would like to make downloadable on the website
is there a way to do this? Sure! You can do so like this:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/uploading-documents/ Found it! thx!
Hi,\nIt's already been at least a month since I posted my site but
google does not classify it well. Should the file \robot.txt\ be
removed? I do not know how to do .... have you a solution ? With brand
new sites or domain names, it can take Google up to 6 weeks to crawl and
index the site properly. I can definitely double-check your robots.txt
though, and make sure it's not blocking Google's robots. okey, big
thank's ! Sure thing! Just a moment :) super :) Alright, looks all good!
Google's robots (and other search engines') are allowed to view
everything on the site. At this point, it sounds like Google's just
being a bit slow to update their indexes. At least it is clear. Thank
you very much for the verification. have a good day ! salutations Hope
you have a lovely day as well :) yeah :) thank's a lot ! Peace Cheers!
:) Re-bonjour, it's been 21 days that I publish articles on my blog and
I'm still not referenced on google. I was told it would take up to 15
days.\nCan you tell me what is happening? Re-bonjour :) Let me take a
look here. For brand new sites or domains, Google does sometimes take up
to 6 weeks to crawl and index, but usually it's faster than that. Ok but
I have to pay express to be referenced, so concretely two months of my
subscription does not serve anything for my referencing? I create a
pinterest, a twitter, a facebook, and everything already appears on
google. It's strange no Your Business plan does not include being
referenced on Google - any site can be referenced in Google for free.
However, Google chooses the order in which to reference sites, and we
can't change their choices. Right now, if I search Google for
\monsieurwolgan com\, I do see monsieurwolgan.com come up in the search
results. Yes but me especially what I seek is when you type monsieur
wolgan short the site appears but i understand So, it seems to me like
your social media accounts are ranking better on Google right now, since
they've been around longer and are probably shared more often. It can
take a long time to gain rank in Google, but I'll recommend two articles
that can help: and
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Hope that helps get you going in the right direction! :) have a nice day
You're welcome! You too. HI!! Do I need to turn something on for
SEO??\nI cant find my website anywhere when I search for it?\nthanks It
seems https://renewuk.co.uk/ privacy is set to public, so search engines
can read it. How are you searching for it? in google- birth trauma renew
I can't find your content on Google neither. When did you make your
website public? ages ago! when i set it up i think my friend said i need
to put in key words on wordpress for SEO You can do that by using the
Tags area on your blog posts, but advanced SEO Tools are available only
for websites running the Business plan. what do I do in the tags area? I
dont write blogs? It would be great if you could start adding some blog
posts to your website about your area and services. This way Google will
have more content to read. ok thanks- and maybe upgrade? I dont really
want to start doing blogs at the min if possible. In this case, it would
be better to upgrade to our Business plan, this way you will be able to
take advantage of our SEO tools. brilliant thanks hi am trying to write
a description about my blog. how can I set up that.\n Are you trying to
create a description of your site as a front page of your site? some
informations that can easy search me to google Ok there are a few
different ways you can do this. You can setup your tagline, and it looks
like you already have your name there. That would be a great location to
put anything you would hope a search would pick up. what about setting
up something in Google robots txt I am not sure what that is. I can
provide you with some more information regarding your Search Engine Rank
though and steps you can take to improve it. This is a great site that
can help: You're welcome. If you have any further questions please feel
free to come back to chat. I have notice that site is not properly
indexed on search engines what can I do to optimize it? Search engines
can take several days for your site to get indexed correctly make sure
your site is set to public you can check this article for further
resources yea it is In that case it is just a matter of time You can use
tools like Webmaster tools to set up and monitor your site later Why is
it that I cannot find content of my site on search engines when I type
keywords similar sites with similar content appear but mine does not
like i mentioned earlier, search engines can take a few days before your
site gets indexed correctly but its been a long time since I started You
will need to follow the suggestions in the articles i shared to get your
search rankings better and also install Webmaster tools if you would
like to monitor your site performance. Search engine efforts take a long
time and will require you to build ample content. You may check the
content the existing listed sites have on google, and compare it with
what you have I see your site is adequately being indexed by google
https://goo.gl/sUHJhV thanks, later Hello,\nI'm trying to Hi there
:)\n\nHow can I help you? Hi, I'm trying to have the best site possible
so i checked some sites for enhancement That That's fair enough. and
some site told me that \you are not caching your page\ I have no clue
what that means :D could you please help me figure it out ? Sure, let me
check your site. they said the same thing about my two sites :
\www.treasuresoflisboa.com\ and \fr.treasuresoflisboa.com\ Wow,
https://treasuresoflisboa.com/ is a cool looking site. Who said it is
not caching? thanks a lot! :) As this site is hosted with us on
WordPress.com, we automatically cache your site. You don't need to do
anything specifically. oh, i dont remember the name of the site i used
to check that ( i used LOTS! and i closed them all ;)) well, thank you
then Ah fair enough. Those sites use various criteria. You don't have to
worry about it. another question they also said, I should activate CDN (
content delivery network, whatever that is ( ? ) ) to reduce the loading
time Ah yeah, CDN means Content Delivery Network. There is a lot to it,
but it is used to serve your site faster from the locations closer to
your visitors. You know what, we use CDN for all sites on WordPress.com.
So your site is covered too :) ah! awesome let me check if i have
another question please :) Of course :) yes, is there a way for me to
know what is my ranking in google ? I'm struggling to have a seo so this
is a question mark for me Yep, you can use a tool like:
https://serps.com/tools/rank-checker/ or this: http://checkpagerank.net/
oh okay great ! do you have some advice about how to get a better SEO ?
articles maybe I have a very cool offer of food tours in lisbon, I think
the best offer on the market! but nobody will ever know as my website
isnt showing :( Yep, this video teaches you everything you need to learn
about SEO: https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 Note that the SEO Tools
mentioned in this video are only available for Business plan. argh okay
:) But you will find some info you can use for your site too. I have no
more questions You will get a transcript of our chat in your email
ruthy.guez@gmail.com, with links to everything we have discussed here
today. \n\nIf you have more questions after going through the steps,
feel free to open a new chat.\n\n ok great thank you if you love to eat
and you're coming to Lisbon, check out my website! haha :) have a good
day! Ah fair enough. I am not coming to Lisbon, but at the moment one of
our teams is having a meetup there. And let me tell you again, your site
is beautifully designed! Good work :) oh really ? what are the odds!
thank you so much! heart warming ;) You too have a great day. Bye :) Id
like to improve my SEO that my site is going better place on google Have
you seen our suggestions here http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ ? How
to do that When people type\ massage\ on google, my site appears first
There's many factors that go into SEO. \nThe first thing you need to do
is use the word on your page. It looks like you are doing that just
fine.\nAnother factor that helps is to have others link to you. There's
not a lot you can do other than interact with other sites. You could ask
people to leave a review for you somewhere. One thing that would be good
is to make sure you have claimed your business in Google
https://www.google.com/business/ And any other business listing sites
relevant to your area. I can't find my previous messages from support,
which had link to info about how to migrate my Wordpress website from go
daddy to Wordpress.com. Can you tell me how to get into my previous
messages from you guys or resend? Sure, I can help you find it. One
moment. Here it is:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/moving-from-self-hosted-wordpress-to-wordpress-com/
never mind, they popped up when I started the chat. I do have another
question though. A friend who recommended I switch to you guys said that
you automated SEO - is that true? will I still need toast plugin? Also,
on go daddy I have to pay extra for security things (site lock, managed
word press) - does that kind of service come with my premium site. also,
what are the advantages of the business level account - I'm happy to
upgrade if there are good reasons to do so. Thank you! Your friend it
correct. We take care of 80-90% SEO mechanics on WordPress.com. However,
here are some little things you can do to improve your site's ranking
with
Google:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
awesome re SEO! I also suggest you check this SEO webinar:
https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 This is aimed at Business users, but you
can use most of the info in it. Are there good reasons for me to upgrade
from premium to business account? My website is for my business, but
it's a small acupuncture practice. Upgrading to Business plan add lots
more features you see at https://wordpress.com/pricing/ I suggest you
review them and see if you think you are going to need them. Hi,\nWhen I
have been on the google webmaster tool, it comes up with errors for
multiple pages with missing author, entry title and updated. Could you
help with correcting this please?\n\nKind Regards\nGraeme Hi Graeme :)
Can you share the link to the webmaster tool you are using?
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/structured-data?hl=en=http://fundamentalphysio.co.nz/
Let me check the errors. Oh this is a private link and I can't access
it. Did Google suggest how to remove the errors? no, just that they were
there. I'm trying to find every possible way of bumping up my search
ranking. Reducing errors is one of them We will have to work on the
errors one by one. But it is a bit tricky to help without knowing what
those errors are. How can I allow you to see them> Can you copy and
paste the first error here? Missing: author\nMissing:
entry-title\nMissing: updated for the following.....
/2017/04/17/back-pain-myth-busting-part-1/
fundamentalphysio.co.nz/2017/04/17/back-pain-myth-busting-part-1/ Yes,
that's the post. It has entry-title which is \Back Pain Myth Busting
Part 1\ Also you authored that post. Why would it say its not there?!
But author info is missing on the front end. This is a theme thing Looks
like your theme is not surfacing the author name. Well, I see author
name on the front page. Sometimes the errors shown by such tools can be
misleading. Is there anything I can do? Or is it quite minor? It looks
like they are all minor. These tools use various criteria and always
nitpick some or other things like this. To improve SEO of your site, I
suggest you check this webinar: https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 No problem,
I can just leave it. At WordPress.com, we take care of 80-90% of SEO
mechanics. Great thanks I'll check it out The webinar suggests few
things you can do from your side to improve your SEO further. Alright
then! Awesome thanks You will get a transcript of our chat in your email
glawson10@hotmail.com, with links to everything we have discussed here
today. \n\nIf you have more questions after going through the steps,
feel free to open a new chat.\n\n thanks, Bye Hi! Any news about adding
home page description box to settings>traffic section? Let me see why
this is missing from your blog, one moment please yes of course I
believe you're referring to this? https://cloudup.com/c4XhDgPWGvx This
is a feature of the Business plan yes sir the problem is i have the same
plan with all 3 blogs This site is on the Personal plan:
https://istanbulguidedprivatetours.com/ one of them has it, two of them
not It looks like you have three blogs on the Personal plan, at least on
this account (serhateng) this is a very basic feature, it should be
there for any plan... :( i first upgraded one, it was there... i was
happy with features... i upgraded two more blogs... the last two does
not have it. Right now it's only available on the Business plan, but it
may be added to other plans in the future it makes me upset What was the
blog you first saw this on? https://istanbulguidedprivatetours.com/ do
not cancel it please it's a must feature for any blog I won't cancel
anything isn't there any possibility to add it to other personal plan
blogs. i will be really happy. just a little box but it makes a lot of
favour for SEO please! I can't add this feature individually to a
Personal plan blog. But you can check out the Business plan, there may
be other features of interest to you there: https://wordpress.com/plans
i thought i was buying this feature as well. because i had it in the
very first blog that i had upgraded. it looks weird when a blog does not
have a simple description in google... What is the description Google is
showing now? it shows initial words of my last blog post i guess. This
is what I'm seeing if I search for the site's domain on Google:
https://cloudup.com/cNuhnVWJjVf \Serhat Engul is an experienced tour
guide based in istanbul. He specializes in organizing customized private
guided tours of istanbul\ Is that text on your site somewhere? no it's
the one has the box. i was able to put description for this one i do not
have it other two blogs https://ephesusprivatetourguide.com/
https://istanbulcustomtours.com/ OK, I understand. the one you send the
screen capture is perfectly works Can you send me a screenshot of the
description box from the blog where you do have it? yes sure a moment
please BTW, here's the Google result for Ephesus Private Tour Guide:
https://cloudup.com/cdp6Hql6RgE this one is not description. this is
some words from the last published blog post. it has no spesific
description since i do not have the box to put it how can i send you
screen captures through this window i could not figure out Sorry,
nevermind about the screenshot, I can actually see the same thing on my
end too: https://cloudup.com/cEZoLrmFn8p that's exactly it it's under
settings/traffic in the middle of the page upper box of the Site
Verification Services (named as: Website Meta) OK, I think this may be
an old feature that is still available on one of your blogs because you
already used it there I think we previously had the site meta
description edit option on other plans, maybe on all sites. If you made
changes to the meta description before it became part of the business
plan, perhaps that's why it's still available on this site only yeah
that blog is older than others. but on the other hand i never discovered
it, until i upgraded to personal plan last week. i have just started
using it but somehow it was not erased I anyway. i would be happy if you
report my request to wordpress if there is such thing I'm actually not
quite sure why this feature is still available on one site only
description is very important for the sites even with personal plans
Indeed, I'm going to pass this on Thanks for your feedback Sorry I
couldn't be of more help thanks for your time... this support chat is
great I'm glad you like it! Anything else you want to talk about? no
thank you. you were really helpful i sent a feedback through e-mail too.
support chat is doing great. it's awesome feature. thank you once more
for the kindness. i do not wanna take your time with chit chat bu it
does great service. Thank you so much for that nice feedback! I'll pass
it along to the team. ?? Hi, I'm Not Sure How To Setup My Site So That
People Who Prefer To Use A Search Engine Could Find It, e.g If Someone
Types In Mediacorp On Google, a Link Would Pop Up Hi there - I highly
recommend watching the video in your admin area here on SEO:
https://wordpress.com/help/courses That is going to answer a lot of your
questions about helping your site appear in search. My pleasure I would
like to header Picture and header writing next to each other\n Hey
there. Can you give me a moment while I check your site? The only header
picture I see is the background one in
https://themouthweb.wordpress.com/\n Would you mind telling me more
about this? i would like to split the screen, so that on the left hand
site( when i look at the computer) there will be the picture and on the
right hand site there will the header text. the background on the right
hand site should have the same color like the background of the
headerpicture and the writing should be in the color of the fish i hope
u understand what i mean? Sorry, I'm not sure if I'm following you. Do
you have a site that you can show me as an example? :) i am afraid i
dont. let me try: i could like to cut the header picture in the middle
vericaly in half so one the left hand site there will be the complete
header picture and on the right hand site there will be just the header
Text (TheMouth) Hm, like a logo left aligned the the site title on its
right? the background is supposed to be the same for both and the color
of the writing should be similar to the bluish color of the fish Hm,
that's not how the logo works on your theme:
https://gatewaydemo.wordpress.com/ As you can see it's all centered. If
you prefer, we can try to find another theme more similar to what you
want. For example, TextBook: https://wordpress.com/theme/textbook okay,
thanks. i will think abbout it another thing if you take a look at the
pictures at EDITORS you will find them really big. is it possible to
adjust the size to passport pictures? Yep, you can resize them and then
left align those images. okay thx You can try to resize them using this
guide: https://en.support.wordpress.com/media/#edit-photos And then, if
you want to, left align them. Here's a guide that'll help you with that:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/images/image-alignment/ okay thanks, is
it possible instead of cutting the image to simply minimize the full
picture? If you click on an image you'll see a plus and a minus icon
They'll help you scale the images Here's a screenshot:
https://en-support.files.wordpress.com/2009/08/edit-image.jpg Wanna give
it a try and if you have any questions, come back? it works all fine
thanks so much. the only way to have all the pictures in the same size
is to upload them in the same size or is there an other way? You'll need
to edit the images and using the same proportion If you prefer to, you
can edit them on Photoshop (for example) and then upload them back to
your site :) Up to you, in fact! Okay, thank you. Can you tell me
something about SEO? You can find some general SEO setup tips and tricks
at: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo There is also a great course
that focuses on Branding, SEO and growing traffic available free at
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/blogging-university/branding-growth/ Hi,
\n\nI have a major issue. My previous blog
(https://stelym.wordpress.com/) deleted a few weeks ago is still online
and is even ranked by google. That is a major issue for me because my
main website (also created with wordpress https://stelym.com) is only
ranked after this blog that should not be online.\n\nThanks in advance,
Let me take a look here - it's been just a few weeks since you set up
the new site and removed the old? Alright, I've taken a look at both
sites, and there are a few things at play here. First, it does take
Google several weeks to pick up on a brand new site. They need to crawl
and index the new site, and they have full control of the rankings. So
in part, this is a matter of time. However, there are some things we can
do to help. I took a look at stelym.wordpress.com, the old site, and I
see it hasn't been deleted, and is still public. That site is under a
different account, with the username \stelym\. (Right now you're logged
in as alexandrefontfortville). I'd be happy to help delete that site,
but we'll need to hear from the site owner. I'm the site owner but it's
possible that I Used a different account i will try to find my password
to delete it but i thought I already did it Ok - I can send an email to
the address on the other account - would that help? I'm on the other
account, I found the password but i can't delete it and i don't
understand why Ah, great! Are you logged in on another browser? Ok -
what happens when you try to delete the site? oh thanks for your help
but it seems that right now it's working Ah great! - got it deleted now?
yep it worked perfectly thanks for your help ! i did not remember i used
a different account Fair enough :) Glad to hear that's sorted! Google
will still take a bit to pick up on that, but deleting the site will
definitely help. That means they'll remove it entirely once they realize
it's gone, instead of leaving it in the rankings. If you're interested,
here's some more information about how WordPress.com interacts with
Google: https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
Let us know if you have any questions along the way! Thanks a lot. There
is an anozther issue Let us know Hey do you guys set up a sitemap for
wordpress.com business profiles for google? If not, can I get the FTP
host, username, password, port so I can use filezilla to upload updated
sitemaps? are you asking about XML sitemaps needed by google ? those are
generated automatically for your site sweet thats all for now ttyl You
can check it here https://ninjaofsales.com/sitemap.xml Dear
Wordpress,\nCan You please tell me why the site
https://oktobarika.wordpress.com/ is not visible in the search engines.
System settings state that normally it is automatically present after
being published; also, I did it manually through Google and Bing
services, but nothing changed.\nAnd I would be grateful If You could
explain why some of the mobile users are having problems loading the
site (they say it loads just the header). Let me check your website
settings. https://oktobarika.wordpress.com/ is set as public already,
but search engines take some time to index it. That website is brand
new. Thank you. And how long does it usually take for them to index the
site? It can take some weeks. I want to modify the meta title of my
website WITHOUT changing the \Site Title\ in Settings > General. I don't
think we have that options here at WordPress.com, but let me double
check please Confirmed there is no such option here Until you get to the
business plan and get access to some code/plugins OK I have an
additional question then... Site Title: Kristina's Touch Site Tagline:
Massage Therapy & Foot Reflexology in Winnipeg Would the title for my
website be \Kristina's Touch\ in search results? OR something like:
Kristina's Touch | Massage Therapy & Foot Reflexology in Winnipeg Let me
check I'm sorry for the delay! Your site is so new I haven't found
exactly how it is listed yet Have you thought about using Google's
search console? That should provide more direct insight into how they
see your site: http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Alright,
I should be able to come up with the answer on my own. Thanks for all
your help! :) Good bye. hi sir what is SEO what is the importance of SEO
Sir plse reply SEO means search engine optimization. It's a process
which can help in improving your site's ranking in Google We have
written a detailed guide on how you can improve SEO here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ sir what
is the tag what is the role of the tag sir plse reply What tag are you
talking about? in the reader there is a tag OK, tags can hep your posts
be discoverable in the Reader It's good to use 2-3 tags per post, not
more i.e. the tag can tell what a post is about plese tell me how i use
the tag Here's how to add/manage tags :
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/\n is there any basic SEO i
can access on this personal plan?? or premium plan? You can find the
available SEO options on the menu Settings > Traffic Advanced SEO
options are only available on the Business plan You can check more
information here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ You can
also check some SEO tips here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
i just need general SEO settings- but I'm not doing blogs. you can't
find me website anywhere on google when I look in settings it just takes
me to upgrade to business? happy to upgrade to premium but business a
bit exp also google cache date is coming up as error??? is it because
its not been live for too long or is there something I need to do? The
Premium plan will have the same SEO settings, only on the Business one
you will have additional SEO features Where do you see this cache error?
SEO quake I checked the site's settings and it's correctly setup to be
indexed by Google But they can take from 4 to 6 weeks to index new sites
Since you added the domain \renewuk.co.uk\ on the site 22 days ago They
don't have it indexed yet It's all correctly setup, you will need to
wait for them to index the site and start showing on the search results
ok thanks perhaps they've just not indexed it yet Yes, we will need to
wait a couple more weeks Is there anything else we can help you with? If
you have any further questions, please feel free to start a chat and let
us know! is there anyway of me changing- page title, metadescrip and h1
headings and set images without business SEO thanks!! The page title you
can change editing the pages on the Pages menu The other information
will only be possible to change on the Business plan and thats £18 per
month? The Business plan costs U$299 per year can you register my site
to a specific location? Sorry, what you mean? Hello, are you there? no
worries- I've figured it out thanks - thanks for your help You're
welcome! Feel free to get in touch if you have any other questions! :) i
wanted to ask my site used to have a \follow\ widget now i switch to
business profile I can't add that widget anymore I can certainly take a
look for you. there's an email sign up but it's not the same as the
follow widget for wordpress users to be able to follow me When you go to
your customizer, do you have the option for Widgets? yeah but it's not
there just the email sign up In the search at the top, could you type
the word follow and let me know what comes up if anything? Thanks im
seeing twitter follow button my followers is the email sign up the same
as the follow widget? I am just checking the WordPress.org site to see
if I can find something similar for you. It appears as though that is
common since it is a core widget for WordPress.com. would you be able to
add it for me? I would add it the same way you would, but I can
certainly look into this further for you. Ok I did find another option
for you that would work the same way.
https://jetpack.com/support/subscriptions/ There are some more advanced
items available for Business Plan users that have the ability to install
plugins, etc. This would be the alternative option to the follow blog
widget. ok thanks! I'll work on this right now. One more questions With
my business plan do I get more exposure than the regular profile member
or it's the same thing? Do you mean in regards to your Google Rank? You
do receive SEO Tools that are only available with your plan: yes or in
wordpress And you are able to install plugins for SEO as well if you
wanted to. when I enter The City Wife in google it doesn't show up or
even my website doesn't show up in search engines It does take a few
weeks for Google to recognize new sites. I can pass along a great site
as well that can offer some information on how to increase your rank:
And that SEO Tools support site, if you walk through that as well you
can set up your site for the best SEO results as well. If there is
anything we can assist with or if you have any further questions as you
go through the material, please feel free to come back to chat. that's
it for today thanks so much! You're welcome, have a great day Can you
please add in the www. at the front of the web address please? When I
type in www.brookbirchlandscapes.co.uk and hit enter it automatically
converts to brookbirchlandscapes.co.uk with no www. or http.\nThanks,
WordPress.com websites don't have www in front of it, but it doesn't
affect anything on your website. Could you please give me more details
about why you need www in your domain? Just so it looks more
professional - is there no way at all that this could be added please?
Actually, your user needs to type unnecessary characters to access your
website.\nBecause of that www is not used on any domain here. But, don't
worry.\nAll accesses will be properly redirected to
https://brookbirchlandscapes.co.uk Ok no problem that you for
explaining. I have one other query if you don't mind (sorry I'm not very
technical!) When I search the full domain name
www.brookbirchlandscapes.co.uk in a Google search it doesn't show up, I
manually have to enter it the browser for the site to be visable - is
this just a temporary thing? My website isn't working properly when you
google search it. Your website has been created only six days ago.
Because of that it is not on Google yet.\nGoogle and other search
engines take time to index new websites. Your website will be displayed
there in a few weeks. Phew that's great - thank you so much for
explaining everything and so quickly :-) Have a great day you too! I've
tried to get support from multiple people on this topic and it never
gets fully resolved :( Could you please give me more details about what
is happening? google Mcsherrys Nursery. click the links below it. not
all of them work. they go to a broken page. Ex:
https://mcsherrysnursery.com/index.html Were you using that domain in
another hosting provider before transferring it to
WordPress.com?\nWordPress.com websites don't have that index.html link
format. Yes. It was from homestead originally and somebody from
wordpress helped me switch it over. It seems you need to contact Google
and ask it to delete those old links How do I do that? Here is how to do
so:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/google-integration/#sitedomain-validation
That doesn't make any sense because some of the pages ending in html
work. They are not correct though. Could you please update the links of
your website with Google? I don't understand how to do that. which link
do i click. it has multiple things options. The link I sent you will
redirect you to the section Site/Domain Validation. right. do i click
search console or simple too. tool Search Console which method do i use?
On Search Console, you need to look for \HTML Tag\ as the verification
method - it should be under \Alternate Methods\ sorry, i have no clue
what i'm doing. No worries, you're almost done Did you find the HTML Tag
verification method? do i paste this Yes, you paste it on
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/mcsherrysnursery.com There's a
\Google\ field under \Site Verification\ great. it says verificaiton
successful. now what do i do? Now you're done :) Google will start
fetching your site, which will guarantee it will be indexed correctly
woo hoo! does that take a long time? In general, Google takes 24h to
fully index a website sent to Search Console, but removing the old links
will take a few weeks So there are no other obstacles that can mess with
the google searches now?!? No, nothing that I'm aware of woooo hooooo
have a wonderful weekend !!! wait a sec- so sorry should i do anything
here in google? Remove URLs\nTemporarily remove URLs that you own from
search results. To remove content permanently, you must remove or update
the source page. More information. No, let it work its magic for the
rest of the day ok! you got it! Tomorrow, log in there and check if
there are any errors ok i might be bugging you tomorrow then! Feel free
to reach out whenever you need help :) I started setting up my site last
week. It's quite basic at the moment but ready to go, except on a Google
search it appears like this: \nSite Title\nwww.senorstitch.com\nHow do I
make the site name (Señor Stitch) appear as the site title? I did a
Google search on the question and it seems to be a problem a lot of
people have, but the solutions suggested looked complicated. Any help
much appreciated. Your website is kind of new yet. So, Google will take
some time to start displaying its up-to-date information. So there's
nothing I need to do? You can try to verify your domain with Google and
add it to Google Search Console by following this guide
https://en.support.wordpress.com/google-integration/#sitedomain-validation
But it is only a matter of waiting now. website doesn't come up during
google search help hi. I selected this option but the site doesn't come
up in google search Let me check your site richmondelderlaw.com .
\nPublic\n\nYour site is visible to everyone, and it may be indexed by
search engines.\n Yes, I can see that you saved some settings right
now.. Your site was private and you changed it to Public right now? this
is what google says richmondelderlaw.com/\n\n\n\nA description for this
result is not available because of this site's robots.txt\n\nLearn more
yes that's corre yes that's corret Ok. So, now that it's public Google
will need to see that change and start indexing your site to show it on
search results it can take some time, this is up to Google now ok so
when i google now, get same message. Yes but because you just changed it
right now and google didin't visited your site after that change ok i
understand. how much time? You'll still see that message until Google
reindex your site. It can take some times but I can't precise as it
depends on Google, not on us To whom it may concern: I set up this
domain and website (gabriellebauer.com) several months ago, but when I
Google my name, the URL does not appear--at all. Many other URLs, some
of them from work I did long ago, pop up, but not my website. Any idea
why and what I can do about it? What search terms are you using?
Gabrielle Bauer Of course the site pops up when I search for
\gabriellebauer.com\ but that's not very useful to anyone else searching
for me. I would like people to be able to Google my name and find my
website. Yeah, it comes up 5th on page 2
https://cloudup.com/cVFEm4H2-Fe\nWhich isn't great. I think the best
thing to do in this case is to make sure the site is linked to from your
other profiles. Have you added it to LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter etc?
Also, do you have a Google+ profile? I've added it to LinkedIn, yes. But
why doesn't it show up when I Google my name? I have a blog on the site
and people have been viewing it, so it's not like the site gets no
action at all. I don't have a Google+ profile. How would that help? The
more places that link to your site the more it lends authority to the
site. Google doesn't really know who or how many people visit your site
unless they have clicked through from search results, so visitors
doesn't help search ranking unless the visits result in links to your
site. Google has this cute profile about you:
https://cloudup.com/cpa9o7xBc8K I'm not sure where the information is
gathered from, but setting up a Google+ profile might help you to have a
bit of control over how Google views you Thanks, but still confused.
Sounds like a catch-22. Can't get the site to come up as a search
result, but can't get a higher ranking because the site doesn't come up
(so people can't see it or click on it). Any way out of this dilemma?
Also, how come all this other stuff about me comes up? Even stuff from
years ago? Is it because those websites have a higher ranking? The way
around it is to link to the site from as many places as you can, all the
ones I suggested before, and GoodReads if you use that, your profile on
other blogs if you are able to edit your profile there. Yes, it's
because those sites have a higher ranking, either from being older, or
having more links to them Thanks. When you say \link to the site,\ what
do you mean? Should I list the site on my Facebook & Twitter pages? If
so, where? (Sorry, I'm not an expert at these things.) And how could I
link to the site from Goodreads? (I know one of my books has been
reviewed on Goodreads but I've never used the site.) That's okay. If you
don't use Goodreads then don't worry about that for now. I just meant if
you already had an account there. Let me check where you would add on
Twitter. I can always open a Goodreads account. And what about Facebook?
Where would I add it there? (Thanks for your help, by the way.) The way
to add the link in Twitter is to go to your Twitter profile (if you have
one, I saw one in Google, but I think it's someone else) and then click
Edit Profile and you can add your homepage link on the left side of the
page. Thanks. Is it a similar procedure with Facebook (which I don't use
much)? In Facebook, if you go to your profile there is an Intro section
on the left And yes, I do have a Twitter profile, though I don't use
that much either. There should be a button there to add websites and
other links Thanks. I wish you were sitting beside me so you could help
me with this. :-) Then I do recommend creating a Google profile because
I think Google is a bit biased that way OK. Dumb question, but how do I
create a Google profile? What website do I use? Also, what URL should I
use on Facebook and Twitter, etc.? www.gabriellebauer.com or
htpps://gabriellebauer.com? Use http://gabriellebauer.com I think go to
https://profiles.google.com/me for Google Thanks again Hi, How do I make
my website come up on Google ? Hi there - are you able to see your site
in Google search results now? The first step is to make sure you are
there somewhere. not on the first page at all if you search in the
google search bar It is very difficult to get onto the first page
without paying Google directly. But I do recommend watching the SEO
video here: https://wordpress.com/help/courses That will give you much
better insight and understanding into how to make your site appear in
Google Search. do I need to upgrade my plan to do this though? Not
necessarily. It wont let my watch the video unless I have the business
plan though Oh. I didn't realize that. How about this link?
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
the issue I have is a client wants to work with me and google my blog
name and I didn't come up on google so she couldn't see my site. I need
that to not be the case I can try to give you some tips, but if you
require premium placement on Google Search, you'll want to contact their
sales and marketing to find out what it would take to get your site
listed there. I also see that you have only had your domain for 5 days.
It takes a while to be listed. It does not happen immediately. I did a
preliminary search for your site and it is already listed in Google,
which is great. Follow the tips here to try to get your site in better
ranking status:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
But is it basically that to use SEO I will have to pay $21.93 per month
when WIX lets you do it for free? WordPress.com actually has great SEO
by default! There's a few things you can do for free, though Here's a
great post on it:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
I'd also recommend checking out this:
http://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ And lastly,
this: http://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ yes,
I have seen those. Other than that, you really don't need to do much -
if you want to tinker with SEO, WordPress.org might be a good place to
start Do you have any other questions about SEO on WordPress.com? I'll
go ahead and close this chat, but feel free to open a new one if you
have any further questions! Que o título do blog e o meta description
apareçam corretamente em sites de busca Olá, boa tarde O título que
aparecem nas buscas é o título do seu post ou página aparece a url como
título (vendamais.simaspresentes.com.br/ ) já a descrição é o texto que
está como resumo do site, se o resumo não estiver preenchido os
buscadores poderão pegar qualquer parte do seu texto em tal página e não
assim: Venda Mais Presentes - .... e eu preenchi o meta description mas
abaixo do título aparece: Uma descrição para este resultado não está
disponível devido ao arquivo robots.txt do site Isso porque
provavelmente o Google ainda não revisitou seu site para atualizar os
dados que tem salvos sobre ele, isso não é automático você deve alterar
e esperar que o Google entenda tal alteração e começe a exibir quando
aparece um post a descrição está ok e título também, mas naquela parte
menor onde está o link aparece com o domínio do wordpress Sim, mas seu
site estava privado e você o alterou para público recentemente, certo?
não, ele nunca foi privado. Gratuito sim, no início da semana quando foi
criada a conta. Adquirimos o pacote na quarta é por isso Ah sim, então
esse endereço não existia antes O Google pode levar um certo tempo,
algumas semanas e as vezes até meses, para indexar um novo site e
começar a o exibir corretamente nas buscas imaginei :( obrigada De nada,
grato por ajudar! Hi, would you please advice me on couple things? When
i copy my url it doesn't show the webside photo (please look at screen
shot in my photogallery) also I have made screen shot of one of our
local photographer, of how she appears on the webside (like the
informations about her and the images) What do I have to do, to promote
my webside like that?\nPlease advice Is this on
\evaruthphotography.com\? Let me take a look at the screenshot, one
moment please Hm, I see, that takes time to happen, Google takes from 4
to 6 weeks to start indexing new sites to show on the search results It
takes more time to index the images and show on the results too Your
site is already set up to be indexed by them, it will take more time to
start showing like that other site shows on the results You can keep
posting new updates and pictures on your site, and this will happen
automatically on the future So I don't to register it anywhere? I just
need to keep adding more pictures in to my portolio? That's right,
Google likes when you have a site that has lots of updates Your site is
all correctly setup, we only need to wait for Google to index all the
content ok thank you for your help :) oh sorry I do have a one more
question how do I delet the coment option on my photos? I don't want
people comment on it. Or if they do comment,will it show publicly or
will I be the only one to see it? We can hide on all images, using
custom styling CSS code, or you can change this on every image, on the
media file On this image for example:
https://evaruthphotography.wordpress.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=590=edit
There's a Discussion box where you can disable the comments I would like
to permanently delete the comment, like and sharing options Let me get
the CSS code to hide that for you, one moment please and also, how can I
protect my images? I mean if anybody would like to download my photos,
it would not let them I removed the comments for you There is a couple
actions you can do to avoid that You can check more information here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/prevent-content-theft/ I suggest you
add watermarks on your images But even if I do add watermarks it will
not stop people to download the pictures I have noticed on other
websides that if I would download their picture, if would go straight to
their home page Yeah, we don't have any feature to block people from
downloading the content, what you can do is add warnings on the text to
avoid them to do that is there a way to submit my site to search
engines. can it be done from the WP dashboard While we inform search
engines of changes to your site immediately, it can take them 3 to 4
weeks to index your site. There is no simple way to fix this because it
is up to search engines.\n\nTo expedite things, you can set up Google
Webmaster tools for your site to 'tell' Google more about your
site:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Is there also
a tool on the WP dashboard to check my page load and site load times?
There's not built in, but there are tools that you can run your site
address through, like https://tools.pingdom.com/ Ok. Got it. is ther
some sort of support available to help me Index my site on popular
search engines? Just curious. Any help would be appreciated... I have no
clue on metags, XML etc. We don't have a service for that, but there are
a few things you can do. We did a webinar recently about SEO for
business sites: https://wordpress.com/help/courses You also have access
to plugins like Yoast SEO that allow you to fine-tune some items in your
site. Their site has a lot of information about optimizing your site for
SEO. Okay. Will give it a shot. Thanks for all your help You’re welcome!
Chat with us again if you need anything else :) \Our Happiness Engineers
will provide a foundation for making sure that your site meets current
SEO standards\. This is what your link says... :) How can you guys help,
please let me know... Yep - so you have a lot of items built in already,
and I see your site has a title and tagline, which is important. A few
things must be done on your end, though, because you have to connect to
outside services like Google's Webmaster Tools. What all do I need to
do? I am just needing help on submitting my site to search engines, can
you help? If that does not cause any discomfort to you... You can submit
to any of these services to 'verify' your site with them:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ The settings for that
are located at https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/ It is not
necessary to do that in order for your site to be indexed by search
engines, but it can help sometimes. You might also just do some research
on how to optimize your articles using keywords that your visitors are
looking for. Most of SEO is the content you are writing. Sure. If you
have any questions as you try anything let us know :) No problem - what
is it? Thanks. It will be good to do research and find answers. Thanks
for your help Can you please tell me what is the URL to my sitemap Sure
- a sitemap can be found at https://beboomnews.com/sitemap.xml Are my
sitemaps being sbmitted to Google and other search engines or I need to
do that manually? They are automatically submitted by us. Submitting
them manually can sometimes speed up the process, if you want to connect
them to the webmaster tools. https://beboomnews.com/image-sitemap-1.xml
This, I submitted as per the link you provided which contains my
sitemaps....but this is showing error by Google Why is the error coming
up? It should be your domain followed by /sitemap.xml Yeah...i did that.
Here are my sitemaps.... on this link https://beboomnews.com/sitemap.xml
Why is the 2nd link : https://beboomnews.com/image-sitemap-1.xml not
working? It looks like that may be just for images, so for search
engines, the first should be correct \t\nErrors\nParsing error\nWe were
unable to read your Sitemap. It may contain an entry we are unable to
recognize. Please validate your Sitemap before resubmitting.\n1\nLine:
937 This is for the first one? I would enter just that one No. for 2nd
one Try just the first one. Second may be for other services that need
the images. Okay. So, i need not submit the 2nd? Correct :) Thanks for
your patience How can I add a link to a page in the footer?\n Let me
take a look at your site first I have made a footer with
cppyright@expatwisehongkong 2017. And I would like to add a link to the
page that I have called disclaimer Ok, you'd have to add with some HTML
code paste this:\n Disclaimer and you can then change the URL
https://expatwisehongkong.com/ with the page you want, and Disclaimer
with your own text You’re welcome, and feel free to chat again with us
:) yes, I will certainly do, because often for you its just a click and
for me a whole lot of searching haha Can you help me explain, why if I
search for my page via google it says: A description for this result is
not available because of this site's robots.txt how could I make a
description available? May I have the page link please
www.expatwisehongkong.com please allow me a moment to check Yes, I too
found the issue. Please allow me a moment to invetigate further I have
checked your home page settings now I am heading for the site
configuration Your home page did not have the excerpt set. This is why
the `` tag was not working I have copy pasted the excerpt and it is now
working If you have webmaster account, please request to crawl the page
again ok I will do that. Thank you If there is an issue crawling your
site, you will be able to check the details on google web master and
please do not hesitate to come back with more questions We are always
happy to help :) Hi, I would like to know if you have any SEO tool in
order to improve my positioning on google. It´s the second day from the
launch of the blog, so maybe it´s a question of time. Do you have any
recommendation? Many thanks SEO is automatically optimized on
WordPress.com, normally is just a matter of time, 2 days is too little
:) There's some tips and tricks here though:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ Ok,
thanks for your fast and efficient help question related to Google
landing Sure, can you elaborate a bit more on your question? When I type
\kentucky counseling center lexington\ into the google search bar, the
second result on my page is my business page. Underneath the page it has
direct links to the Contact page and then a link for a Change page. The
problem is that I don't have a Change page. If there's a way to send you
a picture of what I'm seeing I can do that too. Sure, you can upload the
picture here: wordpress.com/media/kentuckycounselingcenter.com Ok it is
uploaded Thanks, I'm looking now Hmm, I don't see it there. Did you
upload to the media section of kentuckycounselingcenter.com ? Ok I
changed the format Thanks, looking OK, so that page is here, if you want
to edit or delete it:
https://kentuckycounselingcenterdotcom.wordpress.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=136=edit
It's entirely up to Google what content it decides to show in search
results for your site For some reason it decided to show that one
Thanks! I'll delete it. Sure! And you're most welcome. :) Google will
take a while to update their search results, so this change won't be
immediate there Ok thank you. So did you delete it or do I need to? Nope
I didn't - do you see the \delete\ link on the right side there? You can
click that and it should do it Let me know once done and I can double
check I just deleted it Yep, all done! Great. Have a good day You too!
Have a great rest of your day I am trying to verify my site with google
search and trying to add the code that the console gives
me:\ngoogle9d3e638a7a0b7c67.html\nwhen I enter it it doesn't save the
code? my site is not visable to anyone and I set it public quite a while
ago now. unless you type in the actial address no one can see my site.
any advice please? I was already told I do not need to do anything that
wordpress ensures site are indexed but that is not happening.\nmany
thanks\nKerry With WordPress.com, it is not possible to add this Google
verification code. But from what I understand, you are trying to make
your site visible to search engines, is that right? So we have a few
resources on how to improve that. We already take care of 80-90% of SEO
mechanics for all the sites on WordPress.com. However, here are some
little things you can do to improve your site's ranking with
Google:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Here is how to include keywords in your posts to improve the SEO:
\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
I also suggest you check this SEO webinar and follow the ideas suggested
in the video to boost the SEO of your site:
\nhttps://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 ok thanks I will try. Good luck! SEO is a
complex thing, but if you follow all the right pointers, your site will
be listed :) If you need any further help or you have other questions,
please feel free to start another chat.\nA transcript of this chat will
be emailed to you shortly for later reference. \n\nHave a great day! :)
Hey there, \nI just wanna enquire about the 'SEO Description' tag that
appears in 'post setting'. What would the Meta Description do for my
blog post? \nShould it be written in sentences or is point forms
possible?\n\nThanks,\nAnusha Hi there! I'll take a look Hi, I need some
information on my wordpress business account.Please help me
out.\nThanks. Anyone there? What information do you need? i wanted to
know how do i install adsense in my blog also needed some information
regarding SEO To use adsense you will need to install a plugin, which
you can do by clicking My Site at the top left, then the Add button next
to plugins is it Adsense Plugin WP quads? There are lots to choose from.
I'll see if I can recommend some sure. please let me know the
recommended one so that i can go ahead and install that Yes, the WP
Quads one looks good to me is that the only one i need to install to
have ads running on my page? or do i need to do something else as well?
Have you already signed up for ads with Google? okay, once you install
the plugin you need to connect the plugin to Google on the plugin's
settings page and set a couple of options, but then that should be it.
also i need to know what is the best theme for ads where is the plugin
settings page? Once the plugin is installed, the settings page will be
found somewhere in the left menu here:
https://mirindatravels.wordpress.com/wp-admin The ads from this plugin
should work with most themes is there a specific theme you recommend?
Not just based on ads. What other features in a theme do you need? its a
travel blog so i post articles everty week. the UI should be very clean
Will you be showing ads mainly inside the post and page content, or in a
sidebar too? i think sidebar as well Okay, let me see what we have This
will show you the themes we have that have a sidebar
too:\nhttps://wordpress.com/themes/filter/right-sidebar+travel Radiate
is nice: https://wordpress.com/theme/radiate ok... thank you Rosalie
might suit you: https://wordpress.com/theme/rosalie i am trying this
adsense thing i have a few doubts in that Let us know if you need more
help i want to know how the adsense works there are some codes etc so
what do i need to do about that? it is asking for adsense code how do i
get that? You will need to get those from Google's adsense manager and
where is that? Where you signed up with Google to use ads, i'm not sure
of the exact address. Probably https://www.google.com/adsense will check
that now the other question is regarding SEO can you give me a brief
understanding of that as well WordPress has pretty good SEO already, but
you can make changes to the way things are presented in the settings at
wordpress.com/settings/traffic These things are the titles and
description formats that get shown in search results. The things that
have the most impact on SEO are making sure that your content is well
written and contains the keywords you hope people to find you with We
have some tips on it here: http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Let me
know what else you'd like to know thats all for now will let you know if
i have any other queries later on thanks for your time Change permalink
structure for improved
SEO\nhttp://www.wpbeginner.com/wp-tutorials/seo-friendly-url-structure-for-wordpress/
Hey! I'm reading that maybe i shouldn't include the date in my URL
structure... i'm not seeing how to change URLs in my account settings
and i'm also not sure if there's a way to keep all current links, and
just change the link structure going forward... I am just reading over
the article you sent now So you were looking at wanting to change the
URL's of your post to remove the dates? moving forward i'd want to keep
the structure for past posts but moving forward i don't want the date to
appear is that possible? The date is how the posts are stored and
referenced. If you had a self hosted version of WordPress you may be
able to modify that. The key with your SEO would be to keep simple menu
items, domain name, etc. i have a premium WP account, i purchased my
domain though WP wordpress.com This is a great support site that can
help with WordPress.com vs WordPress.org it doesn't address dates No,
because with WordPress.com you cannot remove the date as that is how it
is stored. There are many other steps you can take to increase SEO. That
site discusses them for WordPress.com ok so the only way to get rid of
it is to go to wordpress.org? If you had a self hosted WordPress.org
then you may be able to make those changes. i've seen the edit permalink
structure in my account before... It would be such a minor affect on SEO
though, there are so many other steps you could take that would have a
far greater affect I'm surprised i can't find it ok i'll investigate
further...but the date makes the content appear farther down in search
results as far as i understand because something from 2017 would come
before something from 2015 You can remove the date from your site using
CSS, but it will still show in the link itself. All of our sites use the
same permalink structure, so it is not possible to remove it from the
link.\n\n I can pass along another site that speaks specifically to
WordPress.com. as there is a difference: I can also pass along the
support site that can explain the differences between the two: Hi - Are
you able to answer SEO questions? \n Sure, what's your question? hmm
yeah because in that article i sent you, you can see the available
permalink structures that i can't find in my current account I'm trying
to get a few things straight. I want to know what impacts SEO the most.
The Actual Title, the Meta Description (which is usual a subtitle) or
the slug? Yes you are correct, if you had a self hosted site with
WordPress.org you have different abilities. There are pros and cons to
each. Not every title of a blog is SEO friendly, but I'm told by people
that are self-hosted on wp.org - which is different - that they can
modify the meta description to make it more SEO friendly. But I think
what they are calling Meta Description and what we have are different.
I'm wondering if the slug is the key? Another option would be to upgrade
your plan to a Business Plan. We have a new Business upgrade option that
allows you to install plugins, themes and have access to your site as
you would if it was self hosted. What affects your SEO the most is your
overall content - if it's good, valuable to your readers, well written
grammar - Google will start liking it. Once you have covered this
aspect, you can move on to tagline That may be but everyone in SEO talks
about headline, meta data and url so I'd be grateful if you could answer
my original question. Also, the way you write content - it should be in
a way that the sentences/phrases/keywords you want to rank for in
Google, use them as much as possible, BUT, in limits. Don't overdo it -
it should look natural I know that part.. but thank you for mentioning
it. meta description is of two types. One is for your home page and one
is for individual posts or pages You can set a custom meta description
for all of them, but only for the home page is enough. For your posts
/pages, Google automatically picks up a block of text that's most
relevant and shows in search results. How would I make them different?
On your home page, you write a meta description once and leave it as it
is. It's generic, about your whole site Meta description for posts, for
example -- each would be different, and it would be about what's the
content of your post, or page. Summarizing that post/page. Ok.. I guess
I'm not asking my question properly because it doesn't seem like you're
answering my real question. I KNOW that title and meta data need to be
SEO friendly. I want to know if I have the same capabilities as
described as a self hosted site or is that part of the limitations of
wp.com Rephrase.. I know that title and meta description can say
different things. It's the meta data that Google scrapes. I don't know
of any limitation - you can change the title, and structure of the URL
of your posts. The \structure\ is called a slug, the part after
theinsatiabletraveler.com and the date But I don't think the meta
description we have is the same thing. It's the subtitle for social. No,
the meta description that you have is the same thing - it's a tag in
your site's code that you're able to modify Per post or the one for my
homepage? Both. I know I can modify. Again, apparently I'm not asking
this correctly because you're not getting what I'm asking. OK, if you
can elaborate a bit more on what you're looking to get a clarification
on - that can help. The reality of the Title and the Meta description as
used in a blog post appears in social like Title and subtitle - right?
Does that make sense? OK, you mean to say, the meta description and post
title that you set - it shows up on social media sites A twitter card
will pull the title and use the Meta Description as the subtitle. Same
with FB Yes. And you're confused if it's picked up by search engines? I
want to know which Google looks at more. For example... Making this up I
want the title to be something that fits the story better but may not be
SEO friendly Like... A moment of reflection Then the meta description I
might write... \A day at the Sanibel Island Beach\ More SEO Friendly
than the title That said.. if my keywords are Sanible beach, Florida,
Things to do.. Again, making this up. I want to know if I change the
slug to .. A moment of reflection, sanibel beach florida things to do..
Will Google be most likely to scrape that URL or will it give precedence
to the title and subtitle. Is that better? Because that's what my
friends with wp.org do. But what they call Meta Description and what
Wp.com calls Meta description in our blog post dashboard, I'm not clear
if they are equivalent.... or if the meta description they're describing
is the equivalent to wp.com's slug. Ok, let's clear a few things - slug
is referred to the \URL\ part, which is derived from the site title No,
meta description is not equivalent to slug. Meta description is the same
thing all over the world right.. but I can alter the slug But their meta
descriptions are not pulled as the subtitle in social. They have an
actual place for a sub title so it can't be the same. so.. let me ask
this differently If I want my title to be something that is less than
seo friendly.. If I alter the slug to be what I want.. ie more seo
friendly. Will Google give priority to the URL or my title? OK, first -
Google doesn't have a rule that it'll give priority to the title or the
slug. It has complex algorithms, which decide things based on
*relevancy* to that page. Whatever's more relevant to the content Title
OR the slug, that'll be given priority Ok.. so it behooves me to have
both if the title is a bit esoteric ie.. alter my url for more seo that
speaks to the content Ok.. Did that make sense? it was just a long way
to go.. If you got it - that's all that matters Quick question I was
wondering if you would kindly let me know how I can ensure that people
can access my site I.e. how do I make it \live\? It is live now when I
am not logged in an myself and I go to google, scrubs2sweats does not
come up Okay, it can take a while for a new site to show up in Google am
I confused that this would not be the case? also it is being viewed like
I am still editing i.e. it doesn't look clean and fresh as the site
viewer how long is a while? it's been a few weeks To view the site as a
regular visitor you need to either log out of WordPress complete, view
in a different browser, or view in private browsing mode. If you search
site:scrubs2sweats.com in Google you can see your site is being indexed
by Google I did it on a different computer and I was not logged onto
wordpress I see it is indexed but it doesn't come up even in the
suggested it doesn't recognize scrubs2sweats it says it isn't valid when
I am not logged in additionally, what it does list are several links
like scrubs2sweats/fitness page etc I don't know what that means that it
isn't valid. Can you take a screenshot of that result and upload it to
wordpress.com/media? the home page doesn't show. I want people to be
able to select www.scrubs2sweats and it takes them directly to my home
page I don't know how to do what you are asking continue sorry I closed
out the window by accident are you gone? Here is some directions for
taking a
screenshot:\nhttp://en.support.wordpress.com/make-a-screenshot/\n\nIt is
going to take longer for your site to come at the top of Google search
results if it ever does. The way Google ranks things is by perceived
authority and relevance. This is attributed to the site in a number of
ways, the most important being links from other sites to your site. can
you please send me the link again you wrote my website in that link you
sent gave the error message the site is not valid and I want to show
that to you its the same thing my friends get I can't replicate that now
while I am still logged on to Wordpress talking to you Oh, okay, it
wasn't a link, but it got an http:// at the start by mistake Don't worry
about that bit What you are concerned with is getting your site higher
up in Google it won't work because I am logged in the customizer page
keeps loading I know with time my site will get higher up my concern is
even when I goggle it from other computers and not logged into word
press is that it is difficult to find. I have friends giving me feedback
on the layout etc and they all said the same thing- your site doesn't
come up properly Until your site gets higher in search rankings people
will need to visit the link directly at https://scrubs2sweats.com/
rather than search remind me again how I show you a screen shot I have
it You don't need to worry about the screenshot. The thing I sent about
search site: scrubs2sweats.com should not have come up as a link well
what is listed is of concern to me What do you mean? can I please send
you my screeshot it will make more sense sure, upload it to
wordpress.com/media there are tabs that I don't want people seeing it
first appears with site title and shows this site is 2 weeks old there
is another link associated with fitness and it has this is a text wiget
the welcome post shows 'this is a placeholder\ why are all those things
coming up for public viewing when my site is almost ready - just needs
first post. what is visible on google looks tacky and conveys the wrong
message The first one that says it is 2 weeks old has nothing to do with
us The Fitness and Blog ones do And the Welcome post And they come up
because these are all published content on your site. If there's
anything you don't want you should edit it to make it private, or delete
it why does the fitness and blog one look like that That's what I am
trying to tell you! in my site viewer it doesn't look like that it has
been cleaned up and edited the fitness one looks like this I just added
it to the media Oh, with the text widget stuff? from my end it is
cleaned up. there are no text widget Okay, that is because Google has
saved the page and has not updated it since you changed it same for
blog. I cleaned everything up 2 weeks ago. oh wow ok If you want to try
to get them to update it faster you can register your site with Google
Search Console And then request Google recrawl the site We have
directions for setting that up here: thnaks just as long as i 'm not
doing it wrong I wanted to be sure the site was live and that my friends
could find it for now I will just ask them to enter the site thank you
for your help You're welcome! Goodnight :) hello, Google highlighted
some mistakes in my pages. the most frequent one is \missing author\, I
tried to translate from Italian. As far as I have understood , this
happens every time I link my articles with each other inside my blog:
how can I fix this? thanks Hi there! Which Google tool did you use and
which pages have the problems? I'm using search console the error
appears 77 times :( always the same one i send you one here as example
https://concosalometto.com/2017/04/04/ballerine-lacci-miu-miu-10-varianti-economiche/
What is the error? they sai \manca author\, wich in english is author
missing I sent you a screenshot see my media OK, I'll have a look I'll
have to close the computer in a while. in case i'm offline, please send
me an email: concosalometto@gmail.com Sure. I'm just investigating it.
Thanks for your patience :) OK, it looks like this error is caused by
some themes that have incomplete metadata I just checked my personal
site and I have the same errors :) I don't think it's a cause for
concern, as it doesn't stop Google from indexing your pages or showing
them when people search. ok, so how can we fix the theme? Hello again!
Actually I looked some more and our theme team has indicated that Google
has a newer tool:
https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool/#url=http%3A%2F%2Fconcosalometto.com
About to publish. Need some helps and tips before that. Sure, I can
certainly assist you. To get in the search engines what we wanna do
first. also how to make my website look like www.aquiraa.com without
http I can certainly provide you with some information to help you
increase your Search Engine Optimization rank. I will start with that
and then proceed to your other question. yeah thats good Here is our
main support page on SEO, it has a few articles that you can read over.
It will help you to develop your site so that it will be favorable to
Google. Here is another specific site that is very helpful: perfect will
look forward that At the end of our chat you will receive a transcript
of this chat, so you can have the links for future reference as well. In
regards to your theme, you are using Twenty Sixteen. There is a great
support page that can walk you through setting up your site the way it
looks in the demo: Here is the site:
https://wordpress.com/theme/twentyseventeen This is also the demo itself
so you can see how it functions and the different explanations of the
templates: https://twentyseventeendemo.wordpress.com/ nice If you have
any specific questions as you are making your way through the support
pages, we can certainly assist you. yeah thats alright, what next mate ?
What about site map If you are looking to start from scratch, this is a
great site that can take you through learning WordPress: You will want
to work on developing your site itself using the theme. And the
customizer. That can be found by going to My Site - Theme - Customize
Yeah I have been looked that link before Now I almost completed my
website time for sharing I made this website for my new start up
business so need to share massively what can we do for that making the
site user freindly for google and other search engines If you read over
those first two SEO links I sent you, there are things you can do
specifically as well as when you develop your content. still now when I
enter my site adress in a new system they showing a conformation pag e
It will take Google 4-6 weeks to recognize a new site, but by working on
your SEO it will help. also how to upload site map Here is a support
page that can assist you with this:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/ then what all things i need
to do before I share my website As long as you have content on your site
and it is developed the way that you are happy with, you can share at
any point. :) also why in structered data there is showing errors in
google console If you search code on any site you will surely find minor
errors. If there is no impact on your site, then I would not worry about
it. Is there something specifically that isn't working for you? there is
nothing like thats Ok, is there anything additional I can help with? now
its fine will come back of there is anything come across Sounds good, if
you have any further questions we are here to help. :) I would like to
add search terms so that people searching the internet can find my blog
posts on that subject.\n Hi there! It sounds like you're interested in
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) So how do I do that? If you get the
Premium plan, you can use these tools:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ But really, an easier way to
do it is to simply add tags and categories to your blog posts Make sure
you mention any key phrases in your posts that you want searchers to hit
upon This might help, too:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
No problem, have a great day! Page not seen in the website Added a page
Our courses Not seen in On the eebsite Website I see that your site's
menu is not setup to add new pages automatically You can enable that and
add the new page on Customize > Menus > Primary It will be here:
https://lalitaclasses.co.in/wp-admin/customize.php?autofocus%5Bpanel%5D=nav_menus
Trying Okay, let me know if you have any questions Thanks done How do I
go aboutsex Seo I meant seo We take care of SEO for your site, you can
check tips that you can follow to have better results on search engines
here:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Hi there! :) I have a some problem with some of my pages according to
google search console Okay! What errors are you getting from Google? 590
pages from my site have been blocked from search Blocked Resources >
https://s.pubmine.com > /head.js\nThese pages use this blocked resource.
If Googlebot can't access important resources on your page, the page
might be indexed incorrectly. Learn more.\nStatus: 5/16/17 590 Pages
using this blocked resource Hmm, thanks for that. I'm pulling up your
site right now and running some tests Can you confirm which site this is
for? I notice your error message says the site \https://s.pubmine.com\
is that the site we're seeing the errors for? my site is mpactglobal.com
but they are saying it is using resources from https://s.pubmine.com
Hmm, that's an interesting error! Okay, still running those tests. I
don't know about that site Checking from the history, this thing has
been running from 4/3/17, and it keeps increasing the number of pages
affected Hmm, so currently I'm going through your Yoast SEO settings to
see if something there is causing this error. for the Yoast SEO I
started using it about 3 weeks ago this problem however, has existed for
about 3 months now So I did a bit of research on this error. Google
Search Console displays a list of all resources that Google cannot
access. If you embed videos or maps from other sources—including Google
maps—you may see a blocked resource warning, even though these sources
are outside of our control. Here is a guide that will walk you through
fixing these errors:
https://kb.yoast.com/kb/fix-blocked-resources-google-search-console/
From the error you provided, it sounds like that some of these sources
are the ones that are receiving this error. So you'll need to work
through these errors and focus on fixing only the ones on your specific
site, where you're the source. I will try, and get back to you Okay
great! Let me know if you have any further questions! :) You are signed
in as gyekye2@gmail.com, and you can't view details for
https://s.pubmine.com/. Verify to get access. Hi there, I'm not sure I
understand. Was this the email address you were signed into your Google
Console account before? I see my site but how are people going to see my
website if they don't know the exact web address. How do i get more
people to view my site? the whole idea of setting up a blog was to get
more customers If I follow people, does my website address get seen? Hi
there! If you want to attract customers to your site, we have some tips
for SEO, which is optimizing to be found in search engines like Google
Yes, they'll see that you followed them as well as your site where do I
find SEO So i just upgrade to SEO? No, your site has it built in. It's a
series of things you can do, like optimizing your content using some
keywords people may search for, and then registering your site with
Google above. You can upgrade for additional SEO tools, but the basic
items are built in for free. Let me know if you have any additional
questions! There are quite a few articles at the link above that will
get you started. Hi just have a simple question. I have ajusted SEO on
my first page. Just wondering if it is possible to do it with all
remaining pages. I have seen a few websites done this way but they are
not with wordpress. Yes, you can edit each page and you will see on the
right hand side a section: SEO description You can craft an SEO
description for each page or post We have a seminar to optimize a site
for search engines, let me grab you the link where do I go to see the
seo options on the right hand side for each page? yes, you can craft a
description for each page :) If you click on My Site -> Pages and edit
one of the pages, you will see it on the right hand side Ok so i go to
edit. where do i go from there? Do you see the section SEO Description
under Page Settings? Nope. Ok, do you see page Settings? Let me send you
a screenshot http://cld.wthms.co/6x8ah I don't have that??? Did you
click on My Site -> Pages and on a page to edit it? yes i sure did Could
you send me a screenshot of what you see? You can upload it on your
media library Hang on just needed to refresh the page found them. Don't
know why they wern't there before Playing hide and seek yes. haha where
it says Excerpt what would be an example??? Excerpt would be a summary
that is displayed on your site (depending on the theme settings) For
SEO, you have the section SEO description Let me know if you see it :) I
sure do. :) :) Great, so you can add a short description of your page
for search engines on that field There are other steps that you can take
to optimize your site for SEO, take a look at the seminar and if you
have questions, we will be here! sure will. Thanks again you have been
most helpfull. :D Thanks to you for following the steps :) no problems.
:) I'm getting there slowly Hi there\n Since last weekend, the top of my
blog shows advertisements, something that I don't want. I have purchased
a premium plan many months ago, so there shouldn't be adds. I am
enrolled in the Wordpress Ad theme since 2 years but ads never appeared
on top of my page You're enrolled in the WordAds program - which shows
ads on your site on different locations Can I choose the location of the
adds? Not quite sure why the ads weren't showing up at the top earlier,
but the location can't really be changed I'm afraid. You can consider
using a different theme, but the location of ads isn't user-controllable
at the moment is it possible to stop being part of the WordAds program?
Yep, that's possible - we can either pause the ads on your site or
withdraw your username - that's your call and when i choose pause, that
means I can pause for a couple of weeks? For any amount of time - you
can reach us back to resume the ads in that case i would prefer to pause
the program at the moment can i do that myself online? Has to be done
from our side - want me to do it? tkank you thank* You're most welcome!
They should be paused now in case i want to reactivate them, I just
contact you by chat again? Yep! you can chat or email us any time =) i
had one more question i am considering upgrading to a business plan but
what exactly is the SEO tool that is offered to increase better success
in the search engines? Those SEO tools allow you to set custom text for
your home page, as well as each post or page -- i.e. the text that'll
show up in search engines By default Google picks up a random block of
text to show in search results - but you can customize that via those
SEO tools So, it's not something that will automatically boost your SEO
ok thank you, so it is helpful SEO is largely dependent on your content
and quality of content ok thank you :-) Can I ask you one more question?
Absolutely :) currently my domain name is www.theluxurytravelexpert.com
I am considering changing that to www. luxtravelexpert.com i have two
questions: 1. Is it true that shorter domain names do better in search
engines? 2. Would this affect my traffic if i kept
www.theluxurytravelexpert.com as my second domain name? Changing the
domains like that wouldn't have any major impact on SEO, I suggest you
keep the address. Focus on other things that are actually known to have
a good impact Still with us? Feel free to let us know here if any
questions come up =) hi, please how can i change my domain name of my
site ?\nthat is to change from chemsmedstore to something else? ???? Hi
there! The domain name can be changed for free within 48 hours, but I'm
afraid currently it is already past that. You can still change the
domain name to something else, but the new domain name will have to be
paid separately. how much ? The price differs depending on the
extension. A .com extension is $18 a year or $26 with private
registration for example. If you're willing to cancel the current domain
name, then you only need to pay for the new domain name once. In the
future, paying for the plan will automatically renew the new domain name
as well/ what is the difference between the .com and .blog and does the
domain name affects the views of the site? does the domain influences
the views of the site ? No, that does not depend on the domain's
extension. More about how you promote the site and the contents you
write on it. ok so the domain name has nothing to do with people
visiting of the site ? If you use a domain name that represents your
site content, it can also help As it will tell your visitors what your
site is about before the visit it technically there is no difference
which is more preferable but a .blog would indicate that your site is a
blog so it depends on the goal of your site Imagine it as a panel with a
name for a shop, the door works the same when you change the name but it
might appeal more to your users and the name can tell about what you can
expect to see inside :) how long does a personal plan take to go online
A new domain name take around 72 hours to be stable because it sis about
5 days now i bought a personal plan and i have not gotten even a view on
it how can you explain that? Have you shared your site? you mean share
to Facebook and the rest? Yes, share the domain with others how can i
share that ? Let me give you a guide we have for it also one last thing
does the content we write inside the site also appear online on google
when searched or its just the domain name that appears ? also the
content Would you like some articles on SEO? Search Engine Optimization
How to Publish Posts that Search Engines Will
Love':\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
SEO and your
blog:\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/
All about SEO on WordPress.com:
\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n If
you have any questions, we will be here then please what can you tell me
about the location when posting on a the site does chosen a particular
determine that your post will appear at the location you chose? By
default, your posts are posted on your home page If you create category
pages, they can also be displayed under the category you select
https://en.support.wordpress.com/category-pages/ you have not understood
me i mean for example if i post with a location in France does it mean
that it will appear to people at that location ? ah ok, Google will
decide, the best is to connect Google search console and then indicate
the targeted location of your site This is how you connect Google search
console: You sign up for the service, it is free, and then add the tag
on your site -> Settings -> Traffic Let me know if you need help with it
:) You seem to be busy, open a new chat if you have questions! ok what
about the themes does that also have a role to play in terms of views
All our themes are optimized for SEO It is the content you put on it
that will have an impact :) thanks for the chat will let you know if i
need anythiing more We will be here :) I have been building my website
and have a few pages published but when I put my website name into
google it comes up with 'this is the home page's excerpt and the info
underneath is old info from a few days ago. when you into the website it
shows the new pages. also the website is listed as
https://ourcelebrant.com as opposed to www.ourcelebrant.com. what do i
do? It sounds like your website isn't being indexed by Google yet what
does that mean exactly? WordPress.com automatically sends notifications
to Google with every post and page update Then, Google \indexes\ that
information and puts your website in its searches Sometimes, it can take
up to 4-6 weeks to update this information You can register your site
with Google if you'd like to potentially speed up the process:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ ok is that free or
does it cost? 4-6 weeks is a long time! It's free! You can read more
about search engines indexing here as well:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ ok I'll give it a go -
thank you! Great! Have a great day :) can you tell me how long it will
take to change the description once i've registered my site as above I'm
not sure - it depends on Google You may be able to ask them, though :)
This may help:
https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/webmasters/aaT9SBrE6l4
Great, thanks. Think I've done everything I can now great. If you need
more help later, let us know. Hi!\nI'm searching where to add Front Page
Meta Description?\n Hi! I'm thinkink where I could add Front Page Meta
Description? Editing the front page meta description requires having the
SEO tools turned on. This is a part of the business plan, as described
here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ Ok! How that Jetpack
what includes my plan, is there any seo tools? And then: if I add
metadata to my pic, what mean that \alt text\? An image's alt text is
the text that appears if the image can't be shown. This is used when the
image loading fails for some reason, or for blind people with a screen
reader. Ah, ok :) As to the other question, your site studiotomiaho.fi
is hosted with WordPress.com on the Personal plan, which doesn't include
SEO Tools. I add to frontpage over 50 pic. Is better way to use example
4 portfolio for better looking in seo? Ok! I understand that Jetpack was
somekind on seo tool. Ah, Jetpack is a plugin for self-hosted sites that
allows them to use features from WordPress.com. As you're already on
WordPress.com, those features are included in your site by default :)
When you get the time, I recommend having a look at the SEO articles
here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ In general, it is probably a
good idea to include some text on the homepage, to help search engines
figure out what it's about. This is also a good resource on SEO:
https://moz.com/beginners-guide-to-seo Ok. I think if I copy my site and
test it before I make changes for real site, can I copy site easily
somewhere? Thanks for links, I save those :) You can export your site
and import it into a separate test blog by following the steps here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/export/ Great! Thank you for helping!
No worries. If you need any additional help, feel free to start a new
chat! Hello, can you please show me how to install and use a SEO? I
can't seem to figure out how to get started with that. I know that if I
upgrade to the business plan it comes with it, but the other features
that come along with the business plan are not what I need, so I just
want to use the SEO tool if possible.\n\nThanks. The existing SEO in
WordPress is pretty good already. The tools that come with the Business
plan allow you to change the way the titles and descriptions look for
your search results in more detail, but it's not essential. Ok, that's
great to know. Thank you. The extra SEO tools are only available on the
Business plan, we can't enable them separately Let us know if you have
any questions about particular search results and we can check how your
pages are set up, but if you have good site and page titles you will be
off to a good start Ok. Roughly how long does it take for Google to
recognize the website? It can be up to 6 weeks for a new site. You can
try to speed it up by verifying with Google Search Console Instructions
for setting that up are here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ put my contact
somewhere good for SEO, a footer?\n contact details... Sure, you can use
our contact widget for that This one:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/contact-info/ You can add it to
your sidebar or footer (wherever widgets are supported)\n not sure where
to start... Ok, head over to My Site > Customize (next to themes) Click
Widgets There, click Sidebar and then 'Add a widget\ its giving me
sidebar option only, is there a footer option? Not on this theme, no can
i just out my contact details on rather than address That's fine What
are you looking to enter as contact details? Can you paste that text
here 079432 247247 available weekdays term time between 11.00 and 14.00
and some friday evenings and weekends Ok, sounds fine - you can leave
the address field empty Sorry. We can not plot this address. a map will
not be displayed. Is the address formatted correctly? getting this
message... Does it look fine on the site though?
https://exeter-thaiyogamassage.co.uk/ That's the internal config message
I mean, if you leave the address empty cool, it does... can i put an
email link there? Ok, great. It doesn't have a field for that, but try
entering one in the Hours field. Below your available hours its there
but not a link... is that way complex to have it link to book? We'd need
to use a 'text widget' if you want the email to show up like a link Can
you let me know what the email is yarrowyogamassage@gmail.com what would
it link to? would it open their mail app? that would be good I added
this code to your text widget: Email us\n Check the site now Woops,
looks like it's removed, but you can add this to your text widget: is
that a bit of code? can it say contact Yarrow instead of email us? Yes.
And absolutely, you can replace \Email us\ with Yarrow Email Yarrow\n Or
Yarrow\n awesome :) =) any chance of getting some help with the seo?
particularly getting added to google...and google maps... Sure, so for
SEO, what you should be focusing on first is your content Publish posts
on a regular basis, as whenever you publish a blog post, we inform
Google about it yes, I need to write a blog post about thai massage Yep
- do give a read to our article on SEO:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ Feel free
to let us know if you need more help with this =) I'm still struggling
with my Google listing not showing this site in a search of my name,
Shirle Bedient. I have two free WP sites and they both show up. In
trying to figure that out I see a lot of my pages say \not mobile
friendly\ What do I do about that?\n And this is for your site:
http://readnponder.com Ok I am just going to check a few things on your
site. Thanks, it's a bummer when I'm paying the premium fee and this is
the site I care most about so I want it to work I can understand that.
You created the site about 6 weeks ago is that right? No it's been up
since 2015. About that 6 weeks ago I purchased a second domain from WP ,
readandponder.com because one of the HEs suggested the funny spelling
readnponder could be a problem. I briefly changed the domain to that and
then switched it back I see that you have both registered
readnponder.com and readandponder.com. But when you perform a google
search you are not able to find them? It usually takes Google 4-6 weeks
to update their results, but you should be able to find your site in the
ranks now. I find the sites if I type in the domain but what I want is
typing in Shirle Bedient to list this site in the google results. If I
type in my name it references the two free sites but not this one. If
the cross referencing of my name linked to readnponder.com that I want
to happen I tried searching in google for Shirle Bedient and it brings
up the readnponder.com site on the 2nd Google Search Page at the bottom.
I also tried searching Finding Faith in Daily Life And it brings up the
site on the 2nd Google Search Page at the top. So Google has at least
started ranking your site. I can offer you some support pages on how to
increase that rank to move it to the 1st Google Search Page. That's
good> Now what do I do about the fact that the google console says so
many pages are not mobile friendly? I would like those pages about
ranking too please I am just going to check your theme now. You may be
able to enable a mobile friendly version if your theme is a not mobile
friendly. Ok, so I checked your theme, some themes automatically have a
Mobile friendly version of them. Yours does not, so that is why you see
the full site view when you visit it on mobile. You do have the ability
here:
https://readnponder.wordpress.com/wp-admin/themes.php?page=mobile-options
To Enable mobile theme, which would make it appear better on mobile
devices. Do I just click on that link and it will walk me through how to
do it? If you click on the link you will see the Enable Button. You can
set it there and save the changes. OK. Did you send those other pages
about the Google ranking? I can do that now. Great. Thanks Here is our
own support page that has some links off of it that can help you to
develop your site in Googles favor And I also have another one that is
great with WordPress.com sites: How do I save this chat so I have access
to these links? At the end of this chat, when I close it, it will send
you a transcript to your email. Then you can have all of the links. I
wish you could do some of this for me. I am not very saavy about this
part of the internet These links are great to help develop your site,
the second one I sent can offer some great tips as you make posts. Even
just changing the site to be mobile friendly will make a difference. It
takes some time for google to increase your rank, but if you are
updating your site with new fresh content it should not take long.
Thanks I appreciate your help. From your links to God's ears! Bye You're
welcome. Enjoy your day! If there is anything additional we can help
with, please feel free to come back to chat. Will do. How do people
follow this??? I don't see a button for them to click on if they want to
follow. People are asking me how to follow and I have no idea what to
tell them--please help soon so interested folks don't lose interest and
pass me by! Thanks :) I’m happy to help with that. Let me take a look at
your site. Oh hi! I thought I was sending an email, sorry! Since I am
online, you will be chatting to me :) If none of us are online, then
your question would have been emailed to us :) There is a follow button
at the bottom right corner of your site: https://db.tt/DUfK4pBUhB People
can click on it and follow your site. You can also add a Follow Blog
widget to your site using this guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/follow-blog-widget/ great thank
you! i have one other question...when i type food snob.blog into my
Google search bar, my site doesn't come up. why is that? Oh that happens
where Google ranks other sites higher than yours. I just googled your
domain name, and I see other sites at the top. oh so it's there but not
at the top...ok got it All these tips will help you rank your site
higher in Google. awesome--thank you! nope--thats it! :) HI, just
wondering why the google analytics stats are different to your stats ..
eg: google analytics says I had one view on 23 May while wordpress says
I had 14 views on 23 May That is a good question. Let me just bring up
your information, just a moment. ok, in some cases what can happen is
that there can be a traffic source that google may not track but we do,
so that causes the discrepancy. Generally, they are very close, but when
there is a difference this is usually the case. so who do I believe ...?
When we are looking at these stats, you have to allow for a certain
amount of nonhuman traffic, and depending on what that particular
software is able to filter out gives you the stats that you see, so I
always use any of that data as a guide. any of which data ... yours or
googles??? They both can be believed, you just have to allow for a
little bit non human activity. what is non human activity there is a big
difference between 14 views and 1 view For example, Google will crawl
your site and trigger a page view if it is not filtered out. Is this
happening on a regular basis? ok, but I am trying to understand how many
people have viewed my site ... hard to do if the stats are not right
yes, all the time. google always says 1 or 2 views but your says way
more than that I can get our team to investigate if you are concerned
about this. well I am trying to work out keywords so if the data is not
right it makes it really hard. also buisness is quiet 1 view a day is
not good 14 is great but who do I believe You will probably find Googles
data much more incisive, I use it a lot myself, you can really drill
down into where the traffic is coming from. yeah I'm trying but finding
it hard to use ... also if I believe google then 1 view a day ... not
much to look at I'd say How long has the site been up? on it's own with
out using adwords - a few months. I paid someone to do SEO and now it
shows up with certain keywords but not others I am no SEO expert, but I
always find labeling my images very precisely can help, and you only
have images on your home page, so it would be even more important. yes,
I'm fixing that as we speak. I'm adding more detailed titles and
description. All of them have alt text ... do I need tags... I was told
they are not that important My personal opinion is that tags are not
that important, but the alt tag and description are, and also setting
the file name as a description as well. I hope this helps you. what do
you mean file name as a description? Ok, one thing I see a lot is when
people upload the file as img10004756849.jpg I always rename them to
something like Melbourne Head Shots Joe Blogs Headshot oh yeah I am
fixing that. I am going to my media inbox, clicking on the image and
adding a description but they don't show up To do the file name you need
to rename the file before you add it to the media library. but there is
a file rename field in the media section also why don't the descriptions
save? They should, what is happening that they don't? yes, I'm asking
you also what is the difference between titles and captions Let me have
a look. Which one are trying to save to? I'm uploading screen shots see
the 1st screen shot...? I added all the titles, captions, tags etc by
clicking on the image in my media in box but then if you go to my
website https://melbourneactorsheadshots.com and click on that same
photo - no text! I asked about this same problem months ago btw Not all
of the text is displayed. The description text is for blind people who
use screen readers . And every theme displays the text differently as
well. Ok so all that text I am adding won't necessarily be seen...? No,
but it can be very useful to a blind person, and also can boost your SEO
if done properly. yes I know it's useful and I understand it's good for
blind people ... but can you just clarify - as I am getting confused ...
it won't actually show up on the site under against that image ...
correct??? Not with the theme you are using, no. OK, but that won't
effect SEO? Having meaningful txt in there will help SEO. Ok, so with
alt text, cations and descriptions ... can you give me some hints on
what I should put there? Do I just describe the photo and my buisness or
the keywords that describe the buisness? Captions can be displayed under
the image if the theme allows it, alt text is a quick description of the
image eg: person with red hair, a dog. And for description imagine you
are explaining the image to a blind person. no thanks oh hold on - are
descriptions for every photo 100% important for SEO? They can be, they
do take accessibility into account. I made the additions you suggested
to our accounts and added 192.....references. \nOur website cannot still
be reached and it does not appear on Google search. PLEASE HANDLE
A.S.A.P. Is this for http://retailvision.com.tr/ ? YES Good, the site is
already up and running as I can see, in any case, please note that the
domain mapping can be unreliable during the first 72 hours as the
changes spread through internet but normally is up and running after a
couple of hours, so is normal if you don't see changes right away
Regarding the Google search, that's a different matter But your visitors
can reach your site directly without a problem, to show up in their
search engine though, it will require some time and work :) Can I
continue to make changes in web content? Sure, any content will be
automatically updated on your domain :) Is there any technical problem
related to the theme we have chosen, i.e. SHOREDITCH,; would it be
better to change the theme for faster allocation of changes in content?
There are no technical problems with the themes normally, unless there's
a bug there that we find, just remember to check the theme tutorial and
follow the instructions to set it up, for example for Shoreditch here:
https://wordpress.com/theme/shoreditch/ OK Thanks. One last question:
How can I transfer my blog articles on my Linkedin page to my website
and to my RetailTurkeyToday blog? You wrote those articles directly on
LinkedIn? Or were written in a different WordPress.com site ? Directly
on Linkedin. Ok, then you'll need to copy and paste them into
WordPress.com manually, there's no export function on LinkedIn that
allows that I'm aware THANK YOU..) Hello! I've found that there are 3
posts instead of the only one I want. The first says \About-Station
Breaks 2 by Gordon Spencer.\ w/ \This is an example of an about
page...\The second: \Contact-Station Breaks 2 by Gordon Spencer\ w/\This
is a text widget ...\ I don't want either of them up and don't
understand why they are there. Can you delete them? Thank you You can
delete the blog posts and pages you don't want to display on your
website by using the menu My Site. But I didn't post these! Those are
sample posts You can delete them anyways. OK. I will try. Stand by
please Hm, it seems you have sent them to trash already. I can see only
one blog post on My Site > Blog posts. Yes. But why do they appear on
the web? Could you please send me the link to the page you can read
them?\nI can't see those items on your website anymore. I can see only
this blog post on your website
https://stationbreaks2bygordonspencer.blog/2017/05/05/first-blog-post/ I
found them on a Google search for \Station Breaks 2 by Gordon Spencer.\
I'm not sure what you mean by a link. Google takes some time to show
up-to-date information related to websites.\nSo, it is only a matter of
waiting while Google removes those old blog posts. OK. One other thing.
The search turns up this: \gordonspencer2-Station Breaks 2 by Gordon
Spencer.\ How do I eliminate \gordonspender2\? I mean \spencer\ I can't
see that text on your Site Title neither.\nDid you edit it recently? Do
you mean did I edit the text? Yes. Did I edit the title, no By the way,
I think you are looking directly at the blog rather than at how things
show up on a Google search Since you removed that text from your website
already, we just need to wait while Google reads your website again.\nIt
can take some time though. Sorry. What do you mean \removed the text.\?
I did not remove my blog material. By editing the text I mean that I
revised some parts of it, adding new things, deleting a few. Can you
read \gordonspencer2\ in any part of your text now? I'll check. Stand
by. No. This is what it says:
https://wordpress.com/post/stationbreaks2bygordonspencer.blog/4
Nice!\nAs you can't see the text \gordonspencer2\ in your blog post
anymore, we just need to wait while Google reads your website
again.\nThen Google will start displaying the updated information.
Re-connect As you can't see the text \gordonspencer2\ in your blog post
anymore, we just need to wait while Google reads your website
again.\nThen Google will start displaying the updated information. Now I
don't even find my blog in a Google search! Your website is kind of new.
It takes time and more content than only one blog post for Google start
displaying it on its search results. You can add more content to your
website on My Site > Blog Posts. But it was up yesterday. What do you
mean \add more content\? I 've been adding text and photos every day As
I mentioned earlier, you have only one blog post.\nYou must have more
content, otherwise Google will not show you on the first pages. You are
adding text to only one blog post. Please, add more blog posts instead
of editing the very same one every day. What do you mean \add more blog
posts\? And \Google...first pages\? Please, go to My Site > Blog Posts.
And tell me how many blog posts you can see there. I will do a quick
Google search and copy to show you. Stand by Please, follow my
recommendations. OK. Meanwhile I seem to be stuck in \Stats\ and unable
to click above Go to My Site > Blog Posts and you will understand what I
mean when I tell you that you need to create more blog posts instead of
edit the very same one every day. I'm now having trouble at my site. I
can't get away from \Stats\ Would you mind cleaning up your browser
cache and cookies by following this
guide?\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/browser-issues/ OK. Now I'm
back to the \Browser Issues\ page. What next? Now you need to follow the
steps on that guide to clean up your browser cookies and cache. Where do
find that? Under what heading? Did you open the guide I sent you? You
can find directions there to clean up the browser depending on the
browser and operation system you are using. I am on the page which
begins with \How Can We Help?\ and then \Most Helpful Articles.\ And
what do you mean \clean up the browser\? And why would I create more
blogs? This is the only one I want. Is anyone there? Sorry. What is a
browser? know that sounds stupid. Sorry This is becoming bewildering and
more and more confusing. Is there a phone number I can call to be walked
through this stuff? Browser is the software you use to navigate on the
internet. OK. Could you name a couple, since I still don't understand?
And what about the phone number? Is that possible? We don't have support
by phone currently. Look at the software you are using now to keep this
conversation. You should see any name like Chrome, Firefox, Internet
Explorer, etc. I use Internet Explorer And Google Chrome Which one are
you using right now? I have both open Which one are you having issues to
load the Stats page? But think I'm on Chrome. I have a lot open. These
:\Help\ \All About Domains\ \Browser Issues\ \Stats-Station Breaks\
Please, close all other softwares you are not using to keep this
conversation.\nIt will make easier to fix your issue. I'm not sure on
which this is! I will send you the guide to clean up the browser on
Internet Explorer and Chrome https://kb.wisc.edu/page.php?id=15141
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2392709?visit_id=1-636313281320484860-784055526=1
Please, follow both guides.\nIf they don't work, please, reboot your
computer. And should I close \Help\? \All About Domains,\ or \Browser
Issues\? Yes, you need to close everything to follow the guides I sent
you. Hello I was in private, now I made my website public. At what Time
will my site be available on Google ?\n It may take 4-6 weeks or more
for search engines to revisit your blog and discover new content.
Registering your site on Google and requesting an update may help speed
up discovery. So nobody can actually visit my website ?????? What?
Hello... ? Hello Prepared my website in private and set the launch
today. It is now public. Is it ok for me annoncé the website open to my
followers ? Because I can't find it in google Yes, anyone you send the
link to will be able to view the site now that it is public Sharing on
Facebook is a great way to start generating traffic Ok thank an engeener
just role me told that it would take 6weeks :o Is that true ? Because I
NEED to annonce it in 1hour Your site is live and visible to the public.
The 4-6 weeks is for it to begin to appear in Google search results I
know my question is weird but could you give me a link to copy it in my
social media ? https://thewildfeminine.blog/ Sorry please disregard that
link Yes it is not mine haha https://anais-antiheroine.com/ Bad
copy-paste skills :) The one just above is the one you will want to
share Haha. Ok I se I havé à pb: there is absolutely no menus inside !
:o although I created catégories... Give me a few moments to pull up
your site and take a look Ok Thanks :) You will want to create a menu In
your menu, you can add the pages you have created. To get started, go to
Customize and then Menus Yes i ma on it So you will click Create New
Menu \Name of the new menus\ what should I write ? Something that makes
sense to you Like Primary or Home It is not something others will see
Hello! I'm trying to establish SEO for my website. I just changed the
privacy settings, but when I type our URL into google, I'm not getting
any description or anything under our title name. It looks super
sketchy. All it says is this:\n\nwww.povyournovel.com/\nA description
for this result is not available because of this site's
robots.txt\nLearn more\n\nHow do I fix this? Just give me a few moments
to take a look at your site. you said you just turned off the privacy?
Yeah, maybe an hour ago. I assume it would take a while for the bots to
find it, so maybe I'm just being impatient? Yeah that's right, it can
actually take up to a week or two for it to start coming up in results
You can read more
here:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ Oh, okay! Is
there any way to emulate that Yoast plugin on our current plan? your
WordPress.com site is already optimized for search engines so it is
emulating some of the Yoast features but there's not a separate way to
access them you can read more about best practice SEO
here:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
Okay, that sounds great. Thanks! Im thinking going bussiness plan. So
please help me with these\nWp provide many Seo pack, which Seo pack is
best. Or i can install all of them\nWhat i have to do with that Seo
tool. \nHow to write a post that good for SEO using that Seo Pack.\nHow
to write Excerpt correctly.\nWhat is plugin, what for, do i need it.\n
Hello! I'd be happy to address your questions -- I know SEO is something
many people care a lot about. I should say that all WordPress.com sites
-- including the current one you have with the Personal plan -- comes
with solid SEO, meaning that we take care of indexing your site,
optimizing it for search engines to crawl through, and so on. The
Business plan gives you a couple of real advantages, though. First, you
have access to our advanced SEO tools:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ Second, it allows you to
upload any plugin you wish -- for example, Yoast is a popular WordPress
SEO plugin, though there are many out there that do different things.
Yeah you can give me Links to those information cause i google before &
theres many direction for all my questions, but i dont know which is
right What information are you looking for? If you'd like to browse
available SEO plugins, the place to look up the options, read about them
in greater detail, and so on, is the WordPress Plugin Directory:
https://wordpress.org/plugins/ sorry my english is not good. Information
is mean my questions up there When it comes to external plugins --
meaning plugins we didn't build ourselves here at WordPress.com -- we
don't provide specific recommendations at the moment; if you end up
upgrading to Business, we encourage everyone to look for the plugins
that best fit their needs, and possibly consult online review by third
parties. No worries at all! It seems like we're understanding each other
quite well! (I hope...) heres my Questions, can you please answer it
exactly Im thinking going bussiness plan. So please help me with
these\nWp provide many Seo pack, which Seo pack is best. Or i can
install all of them\nWhat i have to do with that Seo tool. \nHow to
write a post that good for SEO using that Seo Pack.\nHow to write
Excerpt correctly.\nWhat is plugin, what for, do i need it. I tried to
address these questions above, but let me give it another try in case my
answers were unclear (sorry about it if that's the case!): yah - We
don't offer specific recommendations for SEO plugins -- you can view
different options on the WordPress.org Plugin Directory, where people
also leave detailed reviews of the plugins they've used:
https://wordpress.org/plugins/search/seo/ - In order to upload those
plugins to your WordPress.com site, you'll first have to upgrade to
Business. Once you do that, each plugin will come with its own
instructions for setting up and using it properly -- it differs by
plugin. - Writing SEO-friendly posts doesn't depend on the plugin you're
using -- it's all about the quality of the post itself. We've shared
some tips about this in a post recently:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
- An excerpt should give a short summary of the post you've written,
using the key terms covered in your post. It should be a real sentence
(or two), not just a list of keywords. - A plugin is another word for a
feature or specific functionality -- your WordPress.com site already
uses many plugins that come automatically with your account, like
anti-spam, basic SEO, and others. In order to add other plugins that
aren't part of WordPress.com at the moment, you'll need the Business
plan, which allows you to upload the plugins of your choice. I hope this
answers your questions! Let me know if I can explain anything else! ok,
i will read those links & hope it enough. thank you very much Thanks for
your patience -- I hope these answer your questions. Feel free to
contact us again in case anything remains unclear, or if you have any
other questions! ok thats good, thank u Hello there,\n\nI wonder if you
could help me to understand why my website does not show up in a google
search? It was set up at the start of March and it's now the end of May,
so I just assumed that it would be showing by now?\n\nAny help with this
would be greatly appreciated!\n\nCheers,\nClaire I would be happy to
take a look You star! :) When you search are you searching for your
domain name http://whelansweaving.com ? Or key words from your site?
whelansweaving It comes up with loads of stuff about me, but not my
website..? Yes I am just trying to see where it falls in the ranks. And
you said the site itself is about 6 weeks old? Yeah older than that
Maybe 8 weeks? Ok it does take google between 4-6 weeks to recognize a
site and start ranking it. I do have some great support pages that can
help you with your site and making it more favorable for Google Ranks.
oooh great do I have to pay? If so, how much? I double checked some
settings and you do have your site to Public which is great. hahahahaha
These SEO tips are free. OK let's do it! I'm game to try anything! Ok
Great, here is our support page for increase your SEO rank: I have
another as well: This one is more specific about how to develop content
etc. We do also have SEO Tools that are available to our Business Plan
users here: But the general idea of increasing your SEO rank is to
continue to develop fresh content and you can use the tips from these
sites to make changes to your site. ok great.. I'll take a look! At the
end of this chat, you will receive an email transcript of these links so
you have them for reference. And if there is anything along the way we
can help with, please feel free to come back to chat. perfect! You're
welcome. Enjoy your day :) You have a good bank holiday! Thanks you as
well! Hi!\nIs it possible to install the YOAST SEO plugin with my
site?\n We have SEO features built in. So YOAST is not required May I
know what feature are you looking for in particular? hi, when i launch a
google search with my website, it shows me wrong page and 404 page, how
can i fix this ? there is page that i deleted and other post on google i
deleted too Google can take a while to update, it saves pages to speed
things up When did you delete it? ok so i just have to wait i deleted it
today ok it will be up to date automatically so ? It should yes ok great
so i will wait for them thank u very much You’re welcome Want to ensure
my site is SE Optimized. How do I do that? Hmm, are there any specific
keywords you're targeting for SEO? For example, for what phrases you
want your site to show up in Google? Voice actor voice talent narration
radio imaging voice Gotcha - those are the keywords you need to focus on
when writing content. I just checked your site title / site tagline, and
none of your targeted keywords are there You could for example put in
\Voice actor\ or \voice talent\ in a way that sounds natural, to your
tagline so, I need to put those keywords in the text of my site for
search engines to find them How do I ensure they get selected as often
or more than my competition? Yes. You should be focusing on publishing
blog posts on a regular basis - and try to include those keywords in
your posts. But, don't overdo the keywords - stuffing them up could lead
to search engines thinking you're spamming. Keep it as natural as
possible You can try a few things -- keeping your site \active\ is one
way. Whenever you publish a post, we automatically inform Google about
it Also, share your site's link on your social media profiles However,
you have to keep in mind that improving rankings cannot be done in
'days'. Can take weeks before Google starts giving a higher rank to your
site How do I ensure that my site comes up in a search more often than
my competitor if someone is searching for \voice actor\. How does Google
determine RANK? A lot of factors. Quality of your content, how active
your site is, how many other famous link to your website, if you are
using the targeted keywords in your content This rank builds up over
time other famous sites link to your website* That's what I meant above.
OK Thanks You don't have a blog section at the moment, I suggest you
designate a page as your \posts\ page. Where you can publish your
thoughts or anything from the industry on a regular basis Hello,\nI have
a problem with google blog address lookup in google search. By entering
the word: hotel, crete, travel, search engine does not show the address
of the blog https://goodplacetostay.com/ I wonder how interested people
are to find me when I'm invisible. Can you help you set keywords? I
would be happy to look into this for you. We have some great support
sites on SEO rank and how to create a site / content to help increase
that rank. I would be happy to pass these support pages onto you if you
like? Within these support sites they do speak to keywords with your
content. Here is our main SEO support page that has other pages linked
to it: And here is a more specific support page: Will I be able to set
it myself? As far as specific tags / keywords as you mentioned. We have
a support page that can help with that as well:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/categories-vs-tags/tagging-tips/
And yes you will be able to do this yourself. A lot of these sites have
great tips on how to develop / create content as well to increase your
rank. When our chat is over, you will also be emailed a transcript so
you can have these links as a reference. Thank you, i will try You're
welcome. If you have any more questions, please feel free to come back
to chat and we would be happy to help. :) Hi Luca,\nWith my current
plan, does my current posts on TheWilsonPost.com show up in search
engine searches? The answer is yes! In fact WordPress is very search
engine friendly. Is there anything else I can help with? I switched all
of my websites from GoDaddy to Wordpress and people seem to not have as
much luck pulling up my post as before How long ago did you change over?
Im sorry it was 4 months Well, It was 2 months really 2 being live If I
type The Wilson Post or any title of my articles, they don't show up Let
me just have a look for you. I amjust digging a bit deeper. Have you
checked your stats in your dashboard?
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/ I check the stats hourly Ok, and
how are they going? I noticed you have a popup on your site, this can
lead to a bad score with google. Google is about to deal a small blow to
some of the most annoying ads on mobile: pop-ups and interstitials. It’s
not a stretch to argue that readers don’t like these ads. So Google is
making a call that websites that use pop-ups and interstitials are worse
search results and may rank them lower because of it. That sucks That is
how I grab subscribers quickly. In my experience, a sign up form in the
widget area, or in the footer work equally as well, sometimes better. I
can not see anything else that would be hindering google from listing
you, but I am not an expert on SEO. I can get someone to look at it for
you if you like. The pop up is already in the widget area Do you happen
to have a google ad words promo code from wordpress that I can use
Unfortunately not, sorry. It is ok. Thank you for everything My
pleasure, I wish I could have had a better outcome for you. Aggiungere
tag hi there :) We only offer support in English, Spanish, and Brazilian
Portuguese officially. \n\nIf you are comfortable speaking English the
please do. \n\nOtherwise, I can use Google Translate to understand your
message which is a free tool and you can use it yourself.
\n\nhttps://translate.google.com we have a personal plan on
wordpress.com we are searching for a SEO tool for free or an easy way to
add meta tags on our pages it seems that if we modify our pages only the
body section is modifiable is it right? Thanks for providing more
details. Please give me a minute while I take a look where things are
at. I will be right back here. yes thanks... please colsider our goal is
to rach a better position where some keyword are typed in google search
box consider and reach :-) Yes! I totally got your point. I am checking
what options we have under you current package plan. So your goal is to
change the meta tags and description of your posts and pages. Right?
Yes, if we have no SEO tool to download Under your current package plan,
you don't have SEO tools option, I am afraid. However, your posts are
automatically SEO ready and we take care of it already. so how we can
change our metatag in order to improve Search Engine Results? but is
there a way to change meta tag? This post will help you understand how
you can write posts that will stand in the crowd and give you more
visibility in search results. Under your current package plan You can
not set custom meta tags. ah ok... This option is only available in
Business package plan at the moment. if I understood only to clarify me
:-) the only way we have to improve SEO is to write posts that reflect
the guidelines you gave us, right? Yes! That is the right approach to
optimize your posts and pages SEO and increase the reach. thanks a lot
for your support! You are most certainly welcome and have a nice day :)
Bye :) I'm trying to verify my site for google console and once I pasted
the meta tag on the \edit\ part under \appearance\, it will not let me
save it. So then, when I go to verify it on google, it says it did not
work. Is there a setting or something I need to adjust in order for it
to work?\n it says this.... You need to make this file writable before
you can save your changes. See the Codex for more information. but I do
not know what that means lol You can add the meta-tag for the Google
Verification at
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/aplussizehealthylife.com under
\site verification services\? That's it! The tag that Google provided
started with Configuración -> tráfico: http://g.co/SearchConsole Puedes
hacerlo ahora :) si lo estoy haciendo pero no entiendo nada Yo te ayudo,
en qué paso estás? estoy aquí
https://www.google.com/webmasters/verification/verification?hl=ca=wmt=https://comunitatislamicadebalaguer.com/=https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/dashboard?hl%3Dca%26siteUrl%3Dhttps://comunitatislamicadebalaguer.com/%26sig%3DALjLGbPvrEhqnDvXNor2drxOzK_FzN9aMQ
Vale, no tengo acceso, has añadido la dirección de tu sitio? Genial,
ahora tienes que buscar métodos alternativos para verificar el dominio y
copiar la etiqueta HTML lo estoy intentando Gracias, si puedo ayudar en
algo me lo dices
file:///C:/Users/btami/Downloads/google59390dd96cee5e58%20(1).html mi
sali esto que hago ahora No puedo verlo, podrías hacer una captura de
pantalla?
https://www.google.com/webmasters/verification/verification?hl=ca=https://comunitatislamicadebalaguer.com/=https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/dashboard?hl%3Dca%26authuser%3D0%26siteUrl%3Dhttps://comunitatislamicadebalaguer.com/%26sig%3DALjLGbNSFdmZLm8PNQZS_NnnBGvx_YUoWg=wmt=0=recommended=vfile,vmeta,vdns,vanalytics,vtagmanager=vfile=true=ACQ0Nr9WxXVIW-TMEA1K-N8xwph_bICbT4uhTcy5Pm19Q55JZkEFF6Xoz5AZGBB48mRbnD-N8FhCEIUUR8jmcnAGmrlUaXoVP1-uPcsIZPGyNRjE9wKWuIXotdBOeO_qiw0vGatHG2ESIVy8zWXOtyoWOklwO3Gz8vL4qwudwhqAI1TWi8_43HOjB7AATOlk9WpLDkEAjck3
mi sale a la pantalla google-site-verification:
google59390dd96cee5e58.html Vale, no es eso, está en métodos
alternativos y es etiqueta HTML, es un texto que se copia donde lo copio
Lo has encontrado en Google search console? sii Genial, ahora lo pegas
en Mi Sitio -> Configuración -> Tráfico En el apartado para verificar
Google hecho Perfecto! Esto te ayudará a que Google actualice sus
resultados antes Luego crear contenido frecuente y de calidad te ayudará
a mejorar el posicionamiento Te puedo ayudar en algo más? Veo que estás
ocupado, voy a cerrar esta ventana por el momento pero si tienes más
preguntas no dudes en empezar un nuevo chat. ¡Qué tengas un día genial!
Hello, Im trying to find out how to add a info into a specific area, the
info area or excerpt under the website link when searched for via
google... for example, when the site is shared on FB, it comes up with
the title of the site with this underneath: BASHAN\nThis is just a short
excerpt for the about page.\n\nand again through google search
:\nbashananthology.com/\nA description for this result is not available
because of this site's robots.txt\n\nMany thanks! Hi there :) Please
give me a minute while I take a look where things are at. I will be
right back here. That is the site
tagline:\nhttps://wordpress.com/settings/general/bashananthology.com You
can set it from this page. http://take.ms/k123c oh thats great! thank
you You are welcome! But please note that, the changes would not be
instant. Because Google crawlers takes time to reindex your site
depending on site's ranking. If you want more control over it, then you
need to configure google webmaster tools
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/bashananthology.com Okay, no
problem. Thanks for your help! See \Site Verification Services\ section
on above. You are most welcome and have a nice day :) Bye! You too!
Cheers Hi! Is there any way I can redirect a post to a page? There is
not a way to redirect the post other than putting a link on that post to
direct it to the page. So that when someone visits that post they can
click on a link directing them to the page. Oh I see I'm plannning to
replace a post with a page for our \contacts\ page would that affect our
SEO? can i delete the post? Yes it would definitely be a better set up
to have the Contacts information on a page vs a post. will deleting the
post affect the website's SEO? You can certainly remove that and as long
as you are keeping fresh content and have been doing other things to
maintain your SEO it should be fine Any time you delete anything it will
have an effect on the SEO. i see. thanks a lot! But as long as you are
doing all of the other things to maintain SEO, it will be fine. great.
have a great dat! day* I can also pass along a great SEO tips site if
you would like before you go? thaaaaanks! :D You will also receive a
transcript of this chat with that link. You're welcome. Enjoy your day
ditto :) Hi, I am french \nHow can we do to find our website on the net
?\nThe name of my website is audreyfieloux.com but when we write on
google audrey fieloux we don't find it so how can I do ? \nThank you and
sorry if there is mistakes Your site is pretty new, you just registered
your domain yesterday. Search engines can take some days, even weeks, to
know that a new site exist so it can take a while to make it happen Hi,
our current site tagline is - Tutoring, Training & Proofreading. I would
like to change it to English Tutoring, Management Training &
Proofreading. When I enter in the site tagline field it doesn't save -
any idea why? You can update it at
https://wordpress.com/settings/general/westsacademy.com Please reread my
question. I read it, let me test Yes, it's not saving.. It may be a bug
in your theme causing this so I'll not be able to answer it properly
without deeper test. Just a moment, let me ask our developers to test it
properly Thank you. On another note - how can I update the title tags on
each page? It'll automatically get your page/post title. If you want to
change it, you can install a SEO plugin like Yoast SEO so you'll be able
to set a different title tag Ok, I guess this is the same for page
description tags Yes, with Yoast SEO you'll be able to set descriptions
too About your tagline, now it's working and you can change it when you
want to. Superbulous! How can I see what the current title tags are?
Right now it'll be your post/page title + site title But you can change
it at https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/westsacademy.com , Page
Title Structure section https://westsacademy.com/english-tuition/ so it
would be english-tuition in this case? But if you want to control
description too, I suggest not using that feature but using Yoast SEO
plugin instead Yes, it'll be \English Tuition - Wests Academy\ Is it
well worth getting Yoast - if used correctly would it help me boost the
sites seo better than it is using wordpress? Not better because it'll
manage titles on the same way, but you'll be more options configuring
that plugin (like changing descriptions) So it will allow me to be more
specific on descriptions, and anything else? yes, exactly So on the
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/westsacademy.com , where it
mentions Tags for example, it is currently blank - so what could I do
here? That's the title that will be used on Tag pages (when a visitor
click on a tag in your posts, he'll see a page with posts on that tag)
So, you can click on options above that field to choose if it'll show
site title, site tagline or tag/category name and order it as you want
Is there a default setting? The default settings are applied when that
fields are empty, showing the page/post/tag title + site title so,
basically item title + site title Ok, great. Thanks So unless I want to
be more specific on things, most of the seo is already set up nicely..
Exactly! Apart from the images, are there any other areas that need any
manual input in terms of seo? Or where it would be useful.. I don't
think so, the most important part is have a great content! Ok, great,
thanks Anytime :) Also please note that when someone googles my sites
name the version of a blog comes up too and I wanted to be erased Yes a
mail from my domain..does that cost? Hi there! So related to the email:
you have multiple options. We don't offer email as part of any of our
current packages (including Business or Premium) but you can purchase G
Suite separately (formerly known as Google Apps) to have Gmail for your
custom domain. You can also set up Zoho email, which offers up to 25
email accounts for free on the same domain. Here are instructions on how
to set up Zoho with your domain:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/add-email/add-email-through-zoho-mail/
Thank you so much for the link... now for the google problem? Can you
tell me a little bit more about what you mean by this: 'the version of a
blog comes up too\ Some clients put the name of the company on google
search and instead of my site page coming up before that the pages I had
created when I had started as a blog came up and they are a test
page...I did not want to publish them. So I wanted to know if when
somebody time the name of the piste the site I have now can pop up So
they're googling \santorini royal travel\, correct? And are you
referring to this page that comes up?
https://santoriniroyaltravel.com/2017/04/30/first-blog-post/ (I just
googled your company name, and that was in the search engine results
list.) Yes but some other photos and comments I had put when I was
trying to figure things out po up before I buy premium Okay. So firstly,
we can't really control what Google shows in their search engine
results, but what you *can* do is delete that post! To do that, please
go to MY SITES -> BLOG POSTS. From there, you can delete/trash that
post. It probably won't be removed right away from Google's search
engine index, but it shouldn't take too long. Thank you soooo and since
we are chanting can u please info me on what plug ins and how and if I
can get my site on top of search engines Third party plugins are only
available to be installed on sites with the Business plan at this time,
but we have lots of tips and information on how you can get more
traffic! Here you go: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Check those
references and articles out on how you can improve your search engine
optimization. It can take a bit of work, but really it's mostly about
creating good, quality content, and publishing as often as possible.
That's what search engines like. View my domain that I purchased make my
domain visible online I recently purchased the personal plan and
received the verification email but I do not see it when I type in the
domain on google the domain is catwalktalesfoodiegrails.com When was the
last time you looked? just now I am seeing it live now when I visit it.
What do you see when you visit catwalktalesfoodiegrails.com? I see the
page where I edit it but am wondering if I can view it in a mode that
isn't editing mode when I type the full domain in google the site does
not pop up It also doesnt pop up when I type in key words such as
catwalk tales foodie grails without the dot com So google is a different
story The reason you see the edit page when you visit your site directly
is because you're still logged into WordPress.com and it recognizes you
as the site owner. You get a special admin screen that the average
visitor won't see. ah ok I see is there a way that I can make it appear
on google for people to search and find? Appearing in Google search
results is something that will take time. There are lots of ways to get
your site name out in the mean time, such as sharing it on social media
thank you so much for your help! Here's a good article on how to
increase traffic to your site: great thank you so much! Hi, a week ago I
had WP change my primary domain from joychristine.com to
affinityworks.org. I made the name servers changes to Hover.com, but I
still can't get Google to fetch; it shows a warning and a 301 redirect
to https://affinityworks.org. I've never had this happen before. Can you
help? Where are you working with Google on that? Is it in Search
Console? Okay, are you able to change the Google settings to https ?
It's actually correct that http://affinityworks.org/ is redirecting to
https://affinityworks.org/ It's not allowing me to change to https Can
you show me a screenshot of the error message you're receiving? from the
fetch result... the redirect? you can upload it to wordpress.com/media
okay, done Thanks. Taking a look This doesn't look like an error to me,
just a result that there is a redirect. If you go to Google Index >
Index Status it will let you know if there are any errors with your site
in search results i've never had a redirect before and wonder why it's
happening. i can't get google to index the site now; it only took about
2 days last time i made any change. i'm wondering if i should just
switch it back to joychristine.com because this is a bit of a hassle
right now We redirect all domains from http to https How did you manage
the change of address in Search Console? I'm thinking what happened is
that your old domain was set up at https already, but this domain was
set up as http You might need to use the change of address as described
here: https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/83106\nto change the
search console property to https okay, i've added it and the fetch was
successful. i requested indexing. hopefully that's it. thanks! Hi,
\n\nLast week I asked a question by chat. Were kan I find that
conversation ?\n\nZillah You can scroll up in this conversation. Yes, I
see it. You can also go to https://wordpress.com/me/chat :) Thx. I did
not get an answer on my question from last week. Does this happen only
with Bing, and is this still an issue there? \nYes it is still an issue.
It's Bing and also withYahoo. Maybe also with other searches. \n Can you
give me an example of the search terms that you used when you
experienced this? It looks like the problem appears on Bing sometimes. I
would suggest registering on Bing Webmasters, so they can index your
site again. We have instructions available here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Thank you, I will try
it. Do you know if I can make my website address:
http://www.ericfischerphd.com instead of http://ericfischerphd.com ? So
it has the www in there too.\n\n\nThanks, \nEric Sure! I'd be happy to
help with your question! So for this one You would like your site, to
have www. in front? okay, so it is a part of WordPress.com SEO actually
why their is no www in front of the site name It is built in into
WordPress to help search engines find your website faster So does that
mean I can't have www in front? well, your site will be accessible under
www. but it will be always redirected to the address without www On
WordPress.com, we don’t use the “www” part in the URL, as it doesn’t
really serve a purpose anymore (it only really made sense in the old
days of the Internet). So for every domain, when you type in
www.somedomain.com, it will automatically redirect to
http://somedomain.com. It makes for a shorter URL and a cleaner look. \n
From an SEO point of view, it’s not necessarily better or worse to have
“www” in your domain or not. However, what is important, is that all
pages on your site have the same. So, having your homepage at
http://somedomain.com but some other page at
http://www.somedomain.com/otherpage, could have a negative impact on
SEO. so to answer your question, no it will not be possible to add www
in front of your domain name; but you can use both versions of the
domain name on your business cards if you need! okay, it seems that you
have been quiet for a while so I will close this chat for now to help
other users get in! If you need further help, you know where to find us!
My meta description( do believe that is the correct term for the text
that shows up as a description on a search engine) shows up as \This is
a text widget. The Text Widget allows you to add text or HTML to your
sidebar. You can use a text widget to display text, links, images, HTML,
or a ...\ so there must be a damn widget somewhere but I can not find
it! ugh any ideas? Are you familiar with the widgets menu?
appearance>widgets? Yes, in there you should see the widgets on your
site You can expand the sections for the various widget areas To look
for the text widget in question it is not letting me expand the sections
though and that is my problem Can you see the small arrow at the end of
the bar with the section title, i.e. Sidebar no hold Ill ad screen shot
Here's a screen shot of mine, do you see the small arrow at the end of
the section title: \nhttps://cloudup.com/c57P_3SCw1v no mine does not
have any arrows I added a screen shot to the media file Just a moment
while I take a look Yes I am, thanks for your patience, I'm
investigating what's happened good deal It looks like one of the plugins
on your site is modifying how the widgets page works We're looking for
the text widget now, just a few moments Ok, it sounds like that might
just be old data that's still in the search engine, it's \cached\ It
will update itself eventually In the meantime, you can use Google's
Search Console, if you want to have more influence over what Google sees
There are some instructions here:
\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Ok thanks, like how long would it take a few days? I just started it
Sunday/Monday That sounds normal then :) It can take a few days or a
week. A good idea is to start publishing quality, relevant content -
relevant to the search queries you're targeting That's what Google looks
for Ok thank you again! have a nice day. You’re welcome, you too My
website docent appear to be live yet although my blog is So I see this
is live:\nhttps://southerndomesticenergyassessorslimited.com/ ok, if i
google search southern domestic energy assessors limited i get this
page:https://southerndomesticenergyassessorslimited.com/2017/05/27/first-blog-post/
which if only my blog page and not the website That is a post that is
part of the site. Do you see it in My Sites > Posts? Google will return
different results depending on the search terms to get your home page to
appear, make sure to regularly update it with quality content sorry i
don't understand. Why can't i get the website by typing in my company
name? In Google you mean? There are a variety of factors that influence
that, it will depend on how many times the terms are used in the page,
what content is on the page, when it is updated etc ok, what do i need
to do? You can use a tool like Google's search console to tell it about
your home page, like
this:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
i dont understand? You can use Google's search console to help Google to
see your site This page also explains in more detail about Search Engine
Optimization:
\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ Here
are the instructions for the search console, with screen
shots:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
I see that your site is only a few days old. Often it takes up to a week
or two for you to get picked up by search engines The best way to
improve your results is to regularly publish relevant content, so if you
keep working on that, you should see results soon ok, thanks. I have 2
pages which arnt included in my menu, how do I organise my pages? How do
you organise them into the menu do you mean? Ok, please go to My Sites >
Customize (next to Theme) ok, dont that sorry, done that Now click Menus
Click Primary this is the one you are using at the top of your site
Click Add Items this will open a list of your pages, and you can add
them to the menu you can click and drag them to reorder them thank you,
you've been really helpful If you need assistance with anything else,
just open up another chat and we’ll be happy to help. one last thing,
will my home page be the first one seen? Yes, when someone types the
address, they will go
here\nhttps://southerndomesticenergyassessorslimited.com/ on my blog how
do i remove the words this is the post excerpt? Please go in to edit a
post On the right-hand side, you can open the Post Settings menu At the
bottom, expand the More Options section, you'll find the excerpt im
lost! Ok, on the left side, click Posts ok im in settings? No sorry back
out of there, to Posts blog posts? You need to select a post, to edit
it's excerpt Yep that's it ok how do i remove these words Do you see
Post Settings on the right-hand side? There's a cog at the top to open
it towards the bottom there is More Options expand that, and you should
find the excerpt found it, thank you have a nice evening, thanks again
HI there\nI have a brand new question.. I would like to know how
affiliates work? Like amazon affiliates or just generally? LIke I would
like to make money with affilates? can I put them on my site? how do i
get them? Some are allowed, our policy is here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/affiliate-links/ I have wordad.. is
there any other I can put on? is affiliate the same thing as monetize?
an affiliate is usually when you refer someone to buy something and the
seller gives you a cut like amazon - you build the affiliate links
through them - then link people to them then amazon pays you each time
someone buys it from your link full guide for that here:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/adding-amazon-com-affiliate-links-to-your-wordpress-com-site/
So Do I have to contact Amazon to do that or is there an affiliate app?
or is it done through you? you do it through amazon, per the guide I
linked kk.. is there others also besides amazon and wordad? We list
pretty clearly the ways you can monetize your site here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/monetize-your-site/#affiliate I was
watching an instagram tutorial and this guy was spewing off a bunch of
names. Most of those probably aren't available here but the ones that
are we list in the guide I've linked kk.. i'm reading the list here.. It
says it can be done if i get a self-hosted WordPress installation. what
does that mean? That means finding another host and managing your own
WordPress site being responsible for your own code, plugins, updates,
security, etc like go daddy? they don't really support wordpress they
want you to get everything done by them They let you run WordPress, but
they don't offer much help when it starts breaking or has issues That's
why I decided to go straight through you.. but now you have limitations
If you want to move up to our Business Plan, we will let you install
plugins - which expands your options if i had the money I would do that
I was hoping this site would bring me a business so that I can expand..
I don't want to have to go lower then I have already So far I have not
made a penny with this site.. I'd like to change that blogging doesnt
seem to help How do i make money with the site so that I can get a
business site? You need to find ways to grow your audience and get
traffic yes a lot of folks think they can just ad a bunch of ads and
things to their site and the money will pour in I hear you but if that
was the case, we'd all be rich (: I want to be rich lol Here is a guide
with some suggestions for traffic:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ I need
your help posting original, quality content is the most important piece
otherwise - why would people visit your site? Well.. my idea was to sell
my books.. I have a beauty book.. I find hair pictures to put out there
but I don't get too many people looking for hair dos Is it for sale on
amazon? you should be able to affiliate link to that, but right now your
traffic is pretty meager I need to think bigger finding ways to engage
others online is your big next step it's miserable finding others with
your interests, commenting on their sites, using social media, etc, etc
it takes time and a lot of energy the web is a big, loud place I'm
trying to figure out how to use instagram right now.. my facebook page
is a dud.. I need to find better friends I gave away my book for free
and out of 100 friends 3 people got the book I don't know if making an
audience out of your friends is the best idea - usually you want to
think bigger than that and think of services and value you can add to
people's lives I don't have that I can save people who want to become a
hairstylist up to $40,000 if they read my book I tell them the ugly
truth about the beauty industry but posting hair pictures is not getting
those people to see my book Any suggestions? I was hoping to attract
beauty people http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Do more blogging and
try one of our classes maybe?
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/blogging-university/ I did the class..
I'm doing the blogs daily.. I blogged today and not one person even
looked at it.. How do I get people to see it? sometimes I get one view
It's got to be my key words.. somehow I am missing the mark did you try
surfing wordpress.com/tags ? And then using the popular ones that you
write about? Stupid algorithms are passing me up I clicked on the last
one but it didnt come up Never mind i copy pasted it to the top Are
those the top tags to use? those are the top tags used on wordpress.com
ty.. I think that will help me I pressed onto the beauty but nothing
happend I guess it just shows you what are trending.. Ok.. I'll use as
many of these as I can.. ty :) Only if they apply will they actually
help your traffic you might also think about a more positive way to
angle your blog - I don't think most beauticians want to think about the
ugly side will you please take a look at my
soyouthinkyouwanttobeahairstlist blogs that I have done.. See if my tags
are bad I understand most people don't want the truth about the beauty
industry.. do you know in california there are about 30k stylist going
to take their test a year.. do you know that there is not enough work
for them out there.. the reason I wrote the book was to warn them about
the massive amount of people taking the test and paying 40k and then
they try to find work and there isn't any work.. no one tells you that
in beauty school because they want the money I am not qualified to judge
that - i am not part of the industry or the community I can only show
you the tools (: I have been a hairtlyst for over 39 years.. I called
state board to find out the numbers.. it's all true that's why I wrote
the book... so who is my audience.. people who want to become stylist..
how do i find those people and warn them? I think you're asking the
wrong channel (: I have no idea - maybe you want to find some marketing
help? I have a young girl on my facebook who went to school in another
state.. she said she wished she would have read my book before taking
the school.. she is done with school and can not find a job.. my niece
has had her license for two years and has never worked in a salon How do
i find marketing help? I am struggling to get the word out to the right
people.. I set up the webpage.. now to find my niech I put my like to my
book on each post I do.. I'm hoping that will slowly get the word out
link I think you've reached the limits of my help (: that's ok.. you
have helped me with the tags.. I will carry on from here.. Good luck to
you! ty.. instagram tutorials here i come :) I'm going to instagram and
link it to my site Sure thing! If you have any trouble, let us know and
we'll be happy to help! I need help beyond you.. I'm trying.. ty for
helping me as much as you can.. I think I will set up a amazon link..
can you send me that link again.. I'll copy past it this time You might
also be interested in the information here regarding drawing traffic:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ This
one here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/adding-amazon-com-affiliate-links-to-your-wordpress-com-site/
I tagged beauty news.. I should have writtern Breaking news.. see.. I
just learned that with your help. Hello, \n\nplease i have put a title
for my website \nbut still when i am in the google page i have this
below... it doesnt seems to update...\n\n\Titre du
site\nmindart.fr/\nBienvenue sur votre nouveau site ! Pour modifier
cette page, cliquez sur le lien de modification. Pour plus
d'informations sur la personnalisation de votre site, ...\ We only offer
live chat support in English at this time, but I can use Google
Translate to understand your messages.\n in googgle page the title
doesnt appear of my website and the text ive written too its writter
written* title of the website and not mindart Ok. I will take a few
moments to pull up your site and have a look at your Site Title
settings. When did you update the site title? today Ok. It takes some
time for Google to recognize changes. Sometimes 4-6 weeks But you did
everything correctly, and your site title will eventually show up
instead of the generic \Site Title\ but before i ve written the tittle
and sentence and ive put that not shown but if i wanted just hidden on
the top of my website will it still appear on google after some weeks If
you go into your Customize menu, and then Site Identity You can uncheck
the box to display on your site, and it will still be visible to Google
ah i see great so it needs few weeks right to appear correclt on google
ok thnak u very much just another small question is there a way to have
a version in an other language like aenglish english* sorry to create a
version in english If you wanted to create an english version, you would
want a second domain. Then you would maintain two copies of each post,
one for each language i need another? domain* Or you could add our
Translate widget as an alternative You can learn more about that here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/translate-your-site/ can u help just
starting it? Sure. You will want to open your Customize menu And then go
to Widgets im in widgets Click on Add a Widget and than? :) And then
choose Google Translate Widget If you want to add a title, you can, or
leave that blank. Then click Save & Publish i did thqt but where does it
appear? is it better to have a title no? It's a personal preference,
maybe try it without first? ok i did thqt save and publish but where is
it? :) Now we need to add it into your site's widget areas Give me a
moment to look at your theme and see what are options are for placement
how do i do that Well I am looking at your theme page first, just to see
how Dara is set up :https://wordpress.com/theme/dara/ Then will go take
a look at your Customize settings next Ok, so if you look on the Dara
theme page, you will see a section called Widgets Area This tells us
that we have two options for placing this Translate widget...either in a
sidebar or in your footer hum i dont ssee it on the theme pages but its
ok so we can put it or down or on the right side can we try it maybe
first on the right side We are going to open your Customize menu again
and choose Widgets i do it? or u do it? Yes, you can do it :) That way
you will know how to move it later on if you want to change it's
placement We'll do it together now step by step im in the wideget thank
u Click Sidebar Then add widget i did already that and its already
google translate Now we are adding it to be visible Now you should see
Google Translate in the list. Pick that ok so i clik on the visibility
Now you can re-order your widgets if you want i hqve only one i see two
already in your sidebar for now SEarch and a text widget i didnt do it
Ah sorry I am looking at one of your other sites at the moment we try to
do mindart Yes, my screen just switched on me and I didn't notice :) I
do see two widgets though, a text one and now your Google Translate the
text one is for what? Let's remove that text one if you're not using it
what is the use ? It's an example of that widget If you click to open it
you will see a link to Remove u think its better to remove it? its not
useful? Yes I would remove and now? Save those changes, and we can close
the Customize menu Next we go to your home page in Pages and add the
Sidebar to that page im in pages what do i do now One moment. Double
checking how we make your sidebar visible apparently i can see it in all
the pages but not in the home page im not sure i like it on the right
side i want to try below better maybe Yes you have a static home page,
and I was looking into how we would add it We can try it in the footer
instead ok lets try You would go back to Customize and Widgets. Remove
Google Translate from the Sidebar widget and add it to Footer 1 sorry
whats the difference between the newsletter qnd the subscription in the
widget is it the same? Let me look into that to see the difference ok
thank u hello?? so whats the difference? Sorry, still trying to track
that info down for you Would it be ok if I follow up with you at
cherfanemaya@hotmail.com when I have an answer for you? yes ok Hi\n i'm
upgrated to business plan yesterday and i want to change links of posts
, i want without categories and without date if it's possible tell me
how i can do this plz Give me a few moments to take a look at your
account and see how this could be accomlished site/post You can edit the
link for an individual post by clicking the URL button next to the Post
Title when in edit mode for that post no i want edit link structure for
all my website beingames.com/dragon pals without
beingames.com/17/05/2017/dragon pals and beingames.com/browser games not
beingames.com/category/browser games you have understand that i mean ? I
do understand what you are asking. I'm going to need to do some research
to see if that is possible. May I follow up with you at
beingamesweb@gmail.com when I have an answer? i want change the links of
posts and categories shorter without date and without category Right. I
don't see a way to do this, but want to do some more research just to be
sure. beingames.com/dragon-glory/ not
https://beingames.com/2017/05/30/dragon-glory/ i want a short link on
post without date Yes. I understand. I am looking into possible plug ins
that may be able to assist with this Ok, it looks like with your
Business plan, you can add a plug in which allows you to change your
site links https://wordpress.com/plugins/browse If you search \link\
you'll see some options listed which you can take a look at and about
seo plz You also have an SEO question? yes i want know how i will
ameliorate seo in business plan The best way to improve your search
rankings in search engine results pages is to publish content on a
regular basis how ? i can't add keywords ? Here are our built in SEO
tools which allow you to do things like add keywords which make your
pages more search-engine friendly;
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ You can also look at the SEO
plug ins as well yes i know yoast seo for exemple Some of the
functionality of Yoast is already included in the tools described in the
link I just shared But you can also add Yoast or another SEO plug in in
addition to the built in tools All those things will help, but what the
search engines like most is relevant new content on a consistent basis
no thank you sorry are you there ? Hi there! How can I help you?
https://wordpress.com/posts/beingames.com i can't go in my posts Can you
describe a bit about what's happening? i have add plugin meta slider and
from this time when i want add post or edit post i cant do here only in
wp-admin Ok, let me take a look. Just one moment, please. Alright, I see
that when I go to \Blog Posts\ the page doesn't load, so editing an
existing blog post from there isn't currently possible. This was working
before the Meta Slider plugin was installed though? and the meta slider
don't appear here not installed here but in wp-admin Would it be alright
if I de-activate this plugin to see if this has an affect? Alright, just
one moment please. I am trying to improve my seo results, it is an
ongoing battle, really looking to focus on my MOBILE search results. Any
pointers, tips? My pc results are stronger. I don't have any specific
tips for mobile SEO, I have some articles on just improving SEO overall
like this one:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
i have the seo pack, is there any way to concentrate or form it to
mobile specifics? or is my site formed correctly and loading quick
enough? no, I'm afraid not your site does use a responsive theme, so it
automatically adapts to mobile screens, which is good it also helps that
you don't have a ton of images on the front page, which makes it load
much more quickly is mine loadly quickly? it does on my end! ok, so a
dead end? pardon? have i reached a dead end in my efforts? I think
you've done the most you can, but something I'd also recommend is this
article:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2015/12/15/google-search-console-seo/
looks like you have your site verified by Google, so that article tells
you what you can do to take it one step further, and really make use of
having your site verified so after verifying there is another step?
these are extra, optional steps you can take if you want to take
advantage of having your site verified by Google thnks i think im aready
added to console, can i check? you are already verified, that's correct
Hi guys.... next question. I'm not seeing the website on Google... what
am I missing? I'd be happy to take a look Thanks!! Can you tell me what
we're searching for in Google? www.geoffreyhayesart.com I see art from
the website within images.... but not the website URL. Hmm, so I ran a
test and can see your site here:
https://www.google.com/#q=site:+geoffreyhayesart.com oh wow.... so it's
on there somewhere... just not very high up... even when I type in
Geoffrey Hayes Art. I'd recommend reading these articles on SEO, which
have some great action
areas:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
Yea.... thought I had. Thanks will continue on... Thanks for the info...
Sounds great! Your site is beautiful! Can't wait to see what you
continue to do! :) Typically how long does it usually take to build this
organically? Thanks! Super stoked about it. It really all depends on how
competitive the keywords you're targeting are. It does take around 4-6
weeks or more for search engines to revisit your blog and discover new
content. Did a FB post yesterday and got over 100+ hits on Instagram and
80+ site visits Ah... that's it then! I can see why! You have great
illustrations. Geoffrey's super talented! Indeed! :) Have a great day...
talk to you guys soon! Thanks! My pleasure! :) I'll go ahead and close
the window for now, but feel free to pop back in if we can help further!
Hi again! So Google keeps telling me that my domain verification failed.
:( Help! K To verify your site with Google you need to add the HTML tag
they provide you here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/contendsocial.co So I put the
meta tag into the Google section on Site Verification Services? Because
I just did that and it didn't verify That's correct, I'll check it again
This looks correct. I'll make sure it's showing on the site Ok, I just
repasted it and it worked. Oh cool i just wanted to add a secondary
rubric in the rubric biographie in the website mindart like the one i
did in my website mayacherfan for projets but i forgot how i ve done it
can u please help with rubric are you referring to navigation
menu/submenu? i mean i want to add a submenu to the biography in mindart
Right, you can add menu items in My Sites > Customize, then Menus >
Primary Click Add Item to add the menu item, then use the Reorder button
to change its position to be a submenu. i want to create a submenu to
biography how can i do that like i want to add some projects to it i
dont want to change an existing menu u understand what i mean You can
use the Add Items button to add a new menu item. if u just check n my
previous website mayacherfan u can see what i mean but looking at the
menu projects no i dont want a new item i want a sub one...... do u
understantd i wand to add sub pages Are you talking about this area?
https://i.imgur.com/nAImU7L.png Right, then you want to add an item,
*then* use the Reorder button to turn that item into a submenu item i
add a new item \le miroir divin\ but i dont know how to turn it in to a
submenu Have you tried the Reorder button? Move the new item to be under
the menu item you want to be the parent. Then move it to the right. oh
ok its working thank u i will test it for now how do i add tags to my
seo's? Take a look at this page here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/?s=seo+tools This will show you
different ways you can build tags and SEO content into your pages and
posts i am very new to this. is it easy? The tools are all built in, and
that page shows you where to find them ok great i'll have a go thank
you. The best way to approach SEO is to create content frequently that
relates to the search terms you are targeting yeah i get that thank you.
Try to work those search terms into your main content in pages and
posts, and then use the SEO fields to create short teaser descriptions
and tags i will work on that now great advice We have a few other
articles on SEO you might want to check out as well:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ i have a premium plan should i
still be able to add tags? Yes, definitely The SEO tools info I sent
applies to all our plans how do i actually get to see the tools? The
tools described here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ are
located in the Page Settings on the left side of your pages and posts
You can see the page settings when you are in edit mode on any page or
post i still can't find how to do it. sorry you must think i'm a bit
dense you will have to walk me through the process. Let me take a peek
at your site and then I can walk you through it I've just found it! If
you get stuck again or have more questions, you know where to find us :)
Hi! I could use a bit further help with my seo battle! yesterday I
worked on the google search console, specifying country and a few other
things. anything further I can do? Hi :) I'm checking on a few settings
for you now. thanks!! :) I see you've filled out a lot of the SEO
settings. Now, the best thing you can do is to continue to build content
on the site. Consider publishing a new blog post at least once a week
with quality content in it that visitors like to read. As you do that,
each time you publish, we ping search engines to tell them to take a
look at your site again. i have been publishing hopefully informative
posts 3 times a week. should i make changes to page content often as
well? Awesome! In the posts, you can include things like discussion
topics or stories or whatnot - thing that people enjoy reading. trying
to post imformative short content, is there a preferred length to posts
and should optimized photos be included? That's really not something I
recommend \hacking\ per se, as search engines look for genuine and
quality content more than anything else, and their algorithms are
getting more sophisticated in looking for that. which is not
reccommended? I don't recommend shooting for a specific post length just
for search engines. the pictures i post are purely mine, when i post
them i follow directions and add descriptions etc oh ok, ive been
varying it on how much i have to say on a given day That's wonderful - I
think that's a good thing. what about amp on the search console,
accelerated mobile pages, waste of time? Ah, not a waste of time, but
once you activate it, it's pretty much set up for you. You don't have to
adjust a bunch of settings for it. how to activate? complicated? Pretty
easy :) The setting lives here, and it looks like you already have it
turned on: https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/sewbespokeclothing.com
oh mines on? didnt even know how to check? im on the console now and it
says We did not find any Accelerated Mobile Pages in your
site\nAccelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) are an open-source initiative to
provide web pages that load fast and look good on mobile devices, even
over slow networks. Which console in particular are you in?
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/accelerated-mobile-pages?hl=en=https://www.sewbespokeclothing.com/
Oh - that's a different tool entirely. You can verify it through that,
but we also have it turned on through your settings here. You can view
the site in mobile search on Google, and it will have a small AMP item
next to some of the pages. accelerated mobile pages, it seems like that
helps load pages quicker for mobile users? so leave it alone then?
That's right to both questions. ok, so in your opinion any tools to move
onto next? Nope - at this point, it's a game of consistency with your
content. ok thnks You're welcome :) SEO is something that definitely
takes time and works best when you use good practices over time. You're
doing a great job. sometimes I surge on pc search results during not
very busy times. some mornings my organic results are first page but
then they get pushed down to 3rd page I understand that's frustrating.
Unfortunately, there isn't a way to control it, especially if there's a
lot of competition for the kind of content you publish. But you can stay
in the game by continuing to do what you're doing. what are my
competitors doing that are staying up there much more consistently? I'm
not able to tell, really. I'd have to have access to their sites. is
yoast more aggrrssive? Not necessarily. Yoast doesn't further optimize
your site - it moreso just checks on what you've written to see if
you've filled out things like the descriptions on the images or used a
keyword in your title and things like that. You're already doing those
things, though. ok ill keep working, are pictures posted that ARE
optimized and seo'd helpful? Yes, certainly. More importantly, images
make your content easier for visitors to read and understand, which is
the ultimate goal. very helpful, but they need to be optimized and seo'd
with meta and descriptions to help? You can certainly do that to further
facilitate the optimization. Hey, \n\nJust a question. I see the Tags...
is that the same as Keywords for Analytics? Great question. The answer
is \kind of\ and I actually think if you're interested in this, you'd
get a ton out of this post my colleague wrote:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ awesome,
thank you... I'll take a looksee How can I help? :) a few things
actually how to make the logo appearing on the url link of the page just
to start I would be happy to help! If you could go to your customizer
here; https://wordpress.com/customize/tillapril.org And then if you
could click on Site Identity There is a section there for Site Icon That
is where you can add that :) ca a can t find it site identity? You are
in the Site Identity section? It is below logo, you may have to scroll
down depending on your browser. got it .. let me try *) nice it works *)
now need to put the meta title and meta text too You can put your site
title and tagline in that same section. is that what will appear on a
google search? Yes that is the section. you are a star one more thing
back to the url logo now i see logo+http..... how do i get rid of the
http so to see directly the page name? i mean LOGO-Tillapril.org When
you save the site title it will display instead of the https... if i
write on the site title appears on top of the header .. is not what i
wanted actually That same site title is used on the tab at the top of
your browser as well. not sure i got that can u see my header now? the
logo with the angels? Yes I see your header. look what happens if i
write on the site title and save .. give me a sec check it out When you
are in the Site Identity section not looking to change the header but
instead to have use that writing (or whatever writing) as a title on a
the google search if somebody is searching for our page .. you know what
i mean There is an option for \Display Site Title and Tagline\ You have
it checked currently. If you could remove that, it will remove your
title from your header. oooooo yeeeessssssss many thanks .. you ve been
great *) And thanks :) have a good day You as well :) *) you still
there? Yes I am :) i put the info for site title and tagline but if i do
a search on google can t still find my page .. any extra help to improve
the google search It does take Google 4-6 weeks to recognize a new site
and rank it. When you make changes they are not instant with Google.
They seek out new information every few days to weeks and update their
ranks. I do have some SEO information for you that can help you develop
your site to be most favorable to Google if you would like the sites?
please that will be great Here is our main support page and it does have
some great resources off of it: I also have this one: At the end of our
chat you will get an email transcript with these links as well so you
can have them to access. If you continue to work on your site as you
have been, within the next few weeks you should notice a difference in
your rank. perfect .. that's good news and thanks for the links .. i ll
check them now .. thanks once again *) You're welcome. Enjoy your day!
and you Hi, I'm trying to share my post on Facebook by clicking the
facebook icon at the end of my post. Right not it's showing
\Athleisure-streetwear\ as description rather than the first few
sentences of my blog. I think it's because I changed the SEO
description. Do you know how to show the blog content rather than the
slug in my facebook share? The blog is
https://dynostyle.com/2017/06/04/athleisure-streetwear/ Let me have a
look at your current configuration. Okay, I'm back. Have you tried
adding excerpts to your posts? Here you can see how to set them:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/excerpts/ This way, the Facebook post
should show your excerpt (short description of your post). I hope it
helps! Hello, I have a problem.\nI can see that in my source code, I
have two meta name=\description\.\nI would like to have just one. I'm
happy to help. Let me take a quick look! I see you are using the Yoast
SEO plugin on your site. You can disable the default WordPress.com
section in the Traffic settings for the site at:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic Where exactly on the page ? Where
can I disable the default seo of wordpress ? Under the 'Website Meta'
section is I believe where you will want to remove that. I can't find
this section. At: https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/egib.live Below
the 'Page Title Structure' section. My interface is in French language.
I think that the English interface is different. The title likely would
be different. One moment and I will change my interface language to grab
the correct title :-)_ Oh, I see what you are referring to with your
settings directly. It looks like Yoast is directly overriding the second
setting. It may be that we need to disable Yoast to remove the other
description setting, but I would like to confirm that with our SEO
specialist. Would it be ok to follow up with you via email at
yvanncaputo@hotmail.com? Yes no problem. Great, thank you very much. If
you need any additional help in the meantime, let us know! All is OK for
the moment. Thank you ! I look forward to hearing from you ! Hi, I'm
trying to share my post on Facebook by clicking the facebook icon at the
end of my post. Right not it's showing \Athleisure-streetwear\ as
description rather than the first few sentences of my blog. I think it's
because I changed the SEO description. I've added excerpt but it doesn't
help. Do you know how to show the blog content rather than the slug in
my facebook share? The blog is
https://dynostyle.com/2017/06/04/athleisure-streetwear/ Let me catch up
on your message. Was it different before, or did it recently start
acting like that? it recently started acting like that. I don't have
this problem before Ok, so it indeed looks like if you add a SEO
description, then that's gonna take over the excerpt, I was able to
scrape again the last post, see
https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/sharing/?q=https%3A%2F%2Fdynostyle.com%2F2017%2F06%2F04%2Fathleisure-streetwear%2F
it doesn't have any SEO description, and is now showing the beginning of
the post great, thank you! but the other post will keep showing the SEO
description
https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/sharing/?q=https%3A%2F%2Fdynostyle.com%2F2017%2F05%2F20%2F880%2F
Do you know how can I scrape the post myself in the future? you're
welcome to use that Facebook debugger to scrape again your posts,
whenever you make some changes go to
https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/sharing/ enter the URL of
your post, then click on Scrape Again ahh, thank you! one more question,
how am I supposed to use the SEO function if I can't add SEO description
in this case? Well, you can still use it, it's just that it's going to
be choice to make as to what you'd like featured on Facebook. I can
still ask our developers if something can be done to have the Excerpt
have precedence over SEO description, but there no guarantee that
they'll be able to implement it. interesting, all right thanks for the
help! Hi. I want to connect a domain name heatingtoyou.ru to my site.
This is a name of the second level. I bought it on springhost.ru. Now I
noticed that the name of my future site will be
heatingtoyouru.wordpress.com. I don't need a domain of the third level.
What should I do? Hi! Just one moment while I take a quick look at your
account. The address heatingtoyou.wordpress.com is your administrative
URL that will always work, no matter what the real URL of your site is.
To get the URL heatingtoyou.ru working on your site, you'll still need
to update the name servers at your registrar, springhost.ru. ns servers?
I have done it Yes, they are also called NS servers. You may need to
contact Springhost, but the name servers for your site can be found
here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/domains/map-existing-domain/ Ok.
If you've updated the name servers, it can still take several hours for
the updates to show up everywhere. Once it's updated everywhere, the
heatingtoyou.ru URL will start working correctly. ok. thank you for your
quick help! Another question is: How can I adjust SEO key words for my
site? I cannot find this option Hi again. Meta keywords is a tag that is
no longer used by search engines. In fact, most search engines see it as
a spam signal:
https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2009/09/google-does-not-use-keywords-meta-tag.html
However, you may want to take a look at this post:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
It will teach you about how to build your content to have the best
chance of ranking well in search engines. This is also a good article
that covers a different aspect of content creation:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
Is tere any dependance on a kind of search engines? I mean, are the
searching conditions for google.com and yandex.ru the same? All major
search engines would see meta keywords as a spam signal, yes. It's no
longer a tag that should be used at all. ok. thank you! I will read the
sourced you have sent You're welcome! If you have any questions about
the articles, just join us again on chat! ok. good job!)) Thanx! search
how are you? Hi! How can I help you? I was looking... do I have to do
something so my site is searchable Let me take a quick look at your site
to make sure it's set to be public. Yes, your site is set to be public,
but if you need to change that in the future, there are instructions for
that here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/settings/privacy-settings/
how will google know about my site ? Since your site is public,
eventually search engines should find it and show it in the search
results, but that can often take several weeks. We automatically send
information about your site to Google, but you may want to consider
setting up Google Search Console to help with that:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ do you have to pay for
that? No, it's completely free. will sider help me? I'm not sure I'm
familiar with what sider might be. Can you give me more details on that?
sider in your text you said its free Hmm...I think perhaps you might
have missed part of the message. I'll paste it again so you can see the
entire thing. We automatically send information about your site to
Google, but you may want to consider setting up Google Search Console to
help with that: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/\n ill
have to look Ok, great! If you have any other questions, feel free to
contact us again on chat! Hi, \n\nI contacted you last week for a
problem with my website and the problem is not resolved !\n\nI will try
to explain you my problem clearly (i'm not a good english speaker), so,
when i enter the entiere adress of my website (www.rosebud-agency.com) i
can see it. But when i try to find it with a browser (like google, yahoo
etc...) it say that my website is not install ! you can see the
sreenshot here :
https://rosebud-agency.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Capture-d’e?cran-2017-06-02-a?-12.53.57.png
\n\nI pay for the business solution and i want to find a solution asap.
\n\nBest, \n\nVincent Hi Vincent I am checking on Google from my side ok
you can tape : \agence rosebud\ you will find it on the first page
Thanks, checking Let me check if you have connected Google search
console, that seems like a cached result Ok, is not connected. You can
connect Google search console to your site, it will help you to speed up
the update It is a free service by Google and I highly recommend it When
you sign up, you indicate your site address, and get an HTML tag that
you paste here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/rosebud-agency.com On tab traffic
Nice But i don't know how to do it, do you know how i can find the HTML
tag? Or can you do it for me? I can't register on Google for you but I
can guide you from here Could you create an account there? Ok thanks a
lot, i will try to do it and if i ask you if i have a problem You are
most welcome! We will be here! You can check out this seminar as well
about search engine optimization: https://wordpress.com/help/courses It
explains your SEO settings and how to optimize your site for search
engines There is a connection to Google search console as well :) Nice
:) :) and if you have questions, we will be here! Get better at SEO
using the tools I already have. :) Hi there happiness engineers. I've
been using Wordpress for a few months now and I want to up my game, but
I'm getting frustrated. It seems like every time I try to learn
something new about SEO or optimizing my little site that I'm getting
prompted to add a plugin, but in order to add the plugin I have to up my
Wordpress account, etc. Since I was getting a bit bummed out I figured
maybe it was best to ask you for advice. I'd like to learn more about
making my site better with the existing products I have. Can you point
me in the direction of resources that might help instead of things that
are just trying to get me to buy/upgrade/pay more? No worries. I think
the bottom line if I'm enjoying using Wordpress and I just want to
optimize what I already have. I'm not making money off my site, so I'm
not a SMB that has a budget to spend on optimization. To date most of
the books, blogs, etc. that I've read are encouraging me to, say, add
the Yoast plugin, but in order to add Yoast, I have to upgrade my
account, etc. I just want to do the best I can with my current set of
tools. :) I understand your confusion. Most of the support articles seem
dedicated to getting started (how to write a post, etc.) SEO Tools is a
feature of Business plan that offers a bit more control over how your
site appears in search results and social media. However, the built-in
SEO features available in lower tier plans are great too! I suggest you
also watch this SEO webinar: https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 It talks about
SEO Tools, but it also offers other ideas you can use with your plan.
Cool. I definitely am interested in learning more, but I also don't want
to do any of the shady tricks that seem to get sites penalized. Cool.
Thanks. You will get a transcript of our chat in your email
foodwatershoes@gmail.com, with links to everything we have discussed
here today. Great. Thanks. Also note that most of the features offered
by Yoast are already built into WordPress.com. So adding Yoast is
perhaps unneeded at this stage, at least. Good to know. I need help with
Bing\n I don't know heaps about Bing, but I'll try What is the issue?
Hum, Do you have another level that could help I can see if anyone else
has more experience with Bing. What is the question? I'll see if anyone
knows more about it. can I know who am I chatting with I'm Kristen
Hello, my name is Ralph Hey Ralph :) So, this is what happend I was
using Bing to see if my site would pop up... which it did not I then put
my url in to bing search engine then bing replied \We would like to show
you a description here but the site won’t allow us.\ in the search
description. Yep, I can see that. I think that result is actually from
wherever the domain parkerconsultinggroup.org was previously and not
from us, because the search result shows www at the start, which we
don't use it's not and that does not happen with google The other
possibility is that Bing has not refreshed since you changed from
Private to Public 2 days ago. I think the best way to try to deal with
this is using Bing Webmaster Centre. Here is how you can link your site
to that:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#bing-webmaster-center
it that was the case.. google would have done the same No, Google and
Bing are totally independent and will refresh their results at different
rates but the site pointed that the problem is here The description may
have been hidden previously, but is not anymore. Using Bing Webmaster
Centre you can get Bing to refresh the results of your site. hum, how so
? Actually you can submit the site to Bing without signing up for their
tools. I have done that here:
https://www.bing.com/toolbox/submit-site-url\n\nIt just says \Bing will
visit your site soon\\n\nIf you sing up to their tools then you should
be able to see when Bing last visited the page and that sort of
information. To do that you need to follow the steps here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#bing-webmaster-center\n
hum so this will help is what your saying The Submit Site URL thing that
I just did should help, so you don't have to use the webmaster centre,
but there's no way to tell without signing up when Bing has actually
visited your site. The webmaster centre allow you to request search
results be refreshed and see when the last time your site was visited,
which gives you more information for troubleshooting.\n\nWe think that
Bing just hasn't visited the site since it went public. The only way for
you to confirm that is with the webmaster centre. ok, is that easy to
set-up It's not too difficult. If you type in my website on facebook, a
rectangle appears, brings up my name, some text and then my web address.
I would like to know how and where to edit the text that appears. I'll
check ok thank you! The usual place to edit this isn't available right
now, I'm just checking why ok. I couldn't find it either. Found it.
Please go here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/lauralaceyjohnson.com It is the
\Front Page Meta Description\ Is that under settings? Settings > Traffic
and then it's a section some way down the page ok. Found it! Thank
you!!! How do you do the XML Sitemap? We automatically generate one So I
don't have too? That's right, it is already here:
https://doboslawnmower.com/sitemap.xml Can I ask another question? What
else do I need to do to the site to upgrade SEO? Is there anything else?
You can review your SEO settings by going to
wordpress.com/settings/traffic The settings that you have already added
there might not be optimal The Title \Lawn, Handheld Power Equipment.
Toro, Cub Cadet & Stihl.\ is going to be the title for every page on
your site and \Lawn equipment Blogs and informational Videos.\ is going
to be every post on your site So, essentially all posts and all pages
are going to have the same title in search results Your front page meta
description is good You might want to click the + Post Title and + Page
Title buttons to add these dynamic elements to your seo titles My page
doesnt appear neither in google or yahoo I started my webpage this
morning It can take a few weeks for new sites to show up in search The
only way we know of to speed that up is to verify your site with those
search engines: http://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ how can
I access the html script to add google addsense This is only possible on
our Business plan You can use our WordAds program though wordads.co
\nHello I would like to know where to paste the meta tag of google ()
for the confirmation of ownership of my site. I tried to do it but it
does not work.\n\nAnd I would like to know how to make appear the title
of my website with capital letters in google.\n\nThank you for your
answer.\n\nGokhan AKIN ok, you want to enter that on
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/isocel.ch \n just enter the code
though \K4HKiPYXt68qzSsQ1zZxRd6JlVZf8eGt1rbUWZBMKtk\ Thank you very much
And do know how to make appear the title of my website in capital
letters in google? Is it with wordpress? For that, make sure to enter
your site title in Capital you can do that in Customize Ok thank you
gain , have a good day. You’re welcome. I would like tags on my pages,
following instructions on internet, do not know how to do, can you help
? Thanks :) Hi how can I add tags # on my pages ? Thanks :) Check out
this guide: https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/ If you have any
issues, I'm happy to walk you through it! OK I will try now and get back
to you if cannot manage I think I started wrong, seems you have to add
tags before you publish ? You can do that! You can also add tags after
you publish too. OK I will try Just head to the posts > edit the post
you want to add tags to > update the post! OK I try thanks for your fast
help ! Of course :) It seems like you're interested in SEO too. You
might find this useful if so:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ When I go
to Page Setting I see no option for 'Categories and Tags' ?? Ah! Pages
don't allow for tags! You can only tag Posts. Do you know much about the
difference between posts and pages? yes, I started a blog and then found
out I needed pages :( Otherwise chaos :)
https://floressustainabletravel.blog/ I am a total beginner ! I have
only one blog post
https://wordpress.com/posts/floressustainabletravel.blog - that is now
also home page No worries! Pages are mostly used for static content,
that doesn't often changes I will try to add tags on the blog page =
home page yes can ! OK I will add all tags there, trying now Thanks ! No
worries. :) Another advantage of posts is - whenever you publish a post,
we automatically inform Google about it. That can help with SEo SEO*
Thanks ! sorry one more question: do I put # in front of each word, or
just the word ? For categories/tags you mean? For example I write about
Flores island in Indonesia, should I write #Flores ? or just Flores Ah
gotcha. Just Flores OK easy :) Thanks a lot. After this will check out
the SEO Sure thing! Here's a bit more on how you can decide to set a
category vs tag :
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/categories-vs-tags/ In short,
categories are for a broad grouping of post topics I like to reach
people who might be interested per topic That's fine, first assign the
posts to a broad topic using a category. For example \Baking\ is a broad
topic If you're posting about a recipe for a cake, the category could be
baking, and you could \tag\ it as 'cakes' OK thanks. I will use 'Travel'
as category Sure, sounds good Thanks a lot for your help !!! A lot wiser
:) :) You're very welcome! Feel free to chat us again if any questions
come up! OK thanks a lot Hi there. How can I make sure that my website
is findable. I am not even on the first page on google if I type leki op
reis. Do you tips and tricks for this? I'm happy to help! Have you seen
the tips available here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo Also, have
you setup your site with the different Site Verification options
mentioned here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools Can you
advise on how to get our site to register on Google? Its not showing up
via google search ;(\n Wanting to know if you can advise on what changes
I need to implement to get our new site to register via google search
Regularly posting quality content on your site, which is the best
strategy to improve SEO. You can use Google's search console, which can
help your site be more visible and apply that through google search or
via our website? Both :) You add your details through Google, and they
give you a code to add to your website Perfect! Thanks so much! Is there
any way to improve searchability for my site in the premium plan? Or do
I have to upgrade to business in order to be easier to find? Hey there!
Could I just confirm which site you're looking to do this for?
littledragonflieschildcare.com Perfect. First, I'd recommend looking at
this WordPress-authored blog about SEO (search engine optimization) and
how to improve it for your site. However, there are more features
available for SEO in the Business plan (https://wordpress.com/pricing/)
Does that info help answer your question a bit more? Somewhat, it seems
like I can't really do what I actually need to without upgrading
unfortunetly Do you have a little more info on what you're looking to
do? That might help me guide you a bit more! Well I'm creating the
website for my sister and her in-home daycare she is opening. She would
like the website to be easy to find if someone were to Google \Daycare
Shakopee Minnesota\ etc. Got it! The tips on that article that I sent
first aren't exclusive to Business plans--those can actually be used on
any site you have here! The Business plan just has additional SEO
features. Have you had a chance to try any of those techniques on your
site? So I went through the steps of entering my url and stuff in Google
a couple days ago, does that have any impact? Awesome! Yes, that does
help. It's not a requirement to have your site get indexed altogether,
but it does verify your site so that it comes up more when it's
searched. This takes some time, but using those steps can really help
your SEO to improve Okay thanks! You're welcome. Let us know if there's
more help you need in the future! Take care. :) tell me your question
please I'm setting the google search thing on my domain I've come all
the way here i upload the pic show you now whats that heath issue with
my domain thing i show you 2nd pic its there now can you share the link
of the image here it says some important page is block by robots.txt
give me a moment let me login to your site this looks like just a
general warning. We naturally block the admin page from google search
with robots.txt and pages you have marked private in case you can click
on the warning to see details if you like do i need to do anything ? or
just ignore what do you see if you click on view details... you can copy
paste the text here now I'm in here I've send you the pic are you sure
you clicked on View Details on this one
https://sgautomart.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Screen-Shot-2017-06-08-at-10.08.19-AM.png
this pic is part of it the last pic I've uploaded is where I'm trying to
setup with google Did you click on the View details link on the screen i
shared ? What you have uploaded doesnt tell any details about any error
I'm following google checklist i didn't know there are something not
setup with google search happen that i play with my seo plugin and
direct me all the way there do you know what is \app\ i keep seeing this
around to me app is a smart phone app To me as well.. an app is
something similar :) .. we have apps that can be installed on desktop
systems too so can app refer to domain ? So i do not see any issue with
the SEO warning, as there is no actionable point shared by google it
could be a false alarm earlier maybe not false i do had setup and got
notify by google on successful steps to get my domain able to search and
whatever YOu can create apps that pull information from your website..
however for that you will need to follow developers.wordpress.com I am
still not clear if you clicked on the \View more\ link on this page :
https://sgautomart.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Screen-Shot-2017-06-08-at-10.08.19-AM.png
If there is indeed an issue you will see specific guidelines, not a
general notice i really don't know that i need to solve it ? now i
upload another pic show u i am asking a simple step from you please. in
this pic can see no warning sign Can you please click the view more link
and copy paste the text of the warning what you see here .. no need to
upload the image let us have that resolved first before checking any
other error you mean where did i get that ?
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/home?utm_source=wnc_376106_medium=gamma_campaign=wnc_376106_content=msg_743502=en
This link is no good for me since only a logged in user can see it erm..
sorry can u guide me Sure.. can you click on Check Property health here
-
https://sgautomart.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Screen-Shot-2017-06-08-at-10.08.19-AM.png
javascript:; can you upload the screenshot please From what i see there
are no errors on your site oh idid is inside my image erm.... how i show
you
https://sgautomart.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Screen-Shot-2017-06-08-at-10.10.31-AM.png
ya this one click on \some important page\ omg it direct me to my
homepage https://sgautomart.com did you click that on google search
console? i click check health - then > important page - > then it direct
me to my home page I guess you should give some more time for Google
Search console to index your site There is some bug there, else it
should give details of what the error is if your homepage indeed had an
error it wouldnt show here https://goo.gl/culJmx the robots.txt of your
site is autogenerated and is visible here
https://sgautomart.com/robots.txt as you can see only the admin login
page is blocked so i do not need to do anything Yes. you need to wait
and see if you get more details or any other errors ok nice I'm learning
what is snippets now on google I really appreciate that you are spending
some good effort learning it by yourself omg I'm going crazy trust me
that is the best way to go, even if you plan on hiring a specialist
later I'm really a noob don't know anything YA !!!! you got me !!! thats
the thing I'm wasting time here all developer ready to chop me my very
1st start is , how do i prevent developer messing up with me YOu can
check some good tutorials here
https://support.google.com/webmasters/?hl=en#topic=3309469 about SEO And
this is from Google itself so no wild guesses there nice I've ask your
colleague earlier , about my toast plug in , whether is it necessary
yoast* not really At least not in the beginning The business plan has
some good SEO features already
http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ So you do not really need
yoast plugin i know nuts about it and i just install You can remove it
for now and add it later if you like try out the SEO features within the
business plan first i go do it now it is always good to keep the site
with minimum plugins. it helps keeping the site fast and secure ya thats
what i think too thats why i ask earlier i realise there's so much
plugin not necessary at all as i already have it they can write up a
very good decoration for noobs like me go install when i don't even know
what that is i go read up those you send me XD May i end our chat for
now? okok pls come to me later It was a pleasure assisting you. Buenos
días, Anoche copié un enlace desde la web a mi instagram para que la
gente lo pueda seguir mas facilmente (link in bio) y cual fue mi
sorpresa que el enlace n vez de llamarse dos días en Valencia se llamaba
48 horas en Valencia que es cómo se llamaba una de las versiones antes
de ponerlo visible al público !!!\nMe podeis ayudar a que el link se vea
bien?\ngracias!\n Qué enlace es? En Instagram o en Facebook? Buenos dias
es el enlace de instagram pero bueno lo copié directamente El enlace de
Instagram? https://www.instagram.com/destination_vlc/ es el que se ve en
la bio ah vale, y quieres cambiar esa parte del enlace? quisiera que al
copiar lo que se ve saliera correcto no eso que no se corresponde con la
ralidad realidad A ver, te explico, cuando creas una entrada, tu entrada
tiene un enlace que es como su identificador. Si cambias el contenido de
la entrada luego, el identificador no cambia porque si alguien tiene ya
ese enlace, dejaría de funcionar pero si lo quieres cambiar, se puede
hacer pero ese enlace nunca llegó a verse en público Edita la entrada
https://en.support.wordpress.com/slugs/ y puedes editar el slug a ver no
te vayas! :-) no me voy! no veo el slug! Te pongo una captura de
pantalla, un momento si por favor! ha cambiado????? Mira, ve aquí:
https://destinationvalenciavlc.wordpress.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=814=edit
Y dale a edit, debajo del título ayyyy eres brezooooo no melo has
dichoooo hola! que ilusion eres mi prefe jejeje por cierto me pone que
si tomo el mando Este contenido está actualmente bloqueado. Si tomas el
control, Brezo Cordero no podrá seguir editando. Si, toma el mando :D
alla voy!!! y tego que ponerlo todo separado por guiones? Si, es lo
mejor Esta operación no se debe hacer una vez que ya has compartido un
enlace, de acuerdo? hola!!!!!!!! sigo aquí ay que no te leia jejeje pero
si ya lo he compartido como has visto lo sustituyo y ya esta pasa algo?
Lo cambias en Instagram si Solo pasa si alguien guardó el antiguo enlace
e intentan usarlo, hay una redirección pero no es 100% fiable vale pues
voy alla una pregunta puedo poner mayusculas y acentos en el enlace o no
no, no funciona ok pues sin mayusculas ni acentos PERO con guones ;-) *
:) y esa cara triste??? noooo que ya lo he cambiado!!! jajaja muy bien
ahora los revisaré todos otra cosita y ya te suelto ayer mandé una duda
sin respuesta espera que miro el tema es que he puestoel titulo a cada
foto.....porque auqnue no me quiero obsesionar creo que cuenta para el
seo ok me espero si, es recomendable hacerlo veo tu ticket, tienes una
enlace dónde pueda verlo? mi ticket? El email, lo llamamos ticket :D
ahhhh
https://destinationvalenciavlc.com/2017/05/31/dos-dias-en-valencia-dia-2-rio-turia-ciudad-de-las-artes-y-de-las-ciencias-y-playa/#more-814
Cada pregunta al soporte, es un ticket :D voy a ver estas fotos ah pues
yo tendré mil tickets jejejeje no se acaban los tickets para los de
version cutre no? ah vale, veo lo que dices a mi me matais.... no se
acaban los tickets y ninguna versión es cutre :D yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
perola mia mola mas porque estais ahi apoyando bueno, para cambiar el
color del marco alrededor de l a foto, necesitarías el plan Premium
hasta cuando colgé la foto avisando en instagram del nuevo blog etiqueté
a wordpress ok lo suponia Pero para SEO, no necesitas el caption el
caption? Con que pongas el título y el texto alternativo te vale el pié
de foto ah espera que voy a mirar es lo que hay cuando editas la foto?
eso es el titulo de cada foto lo puse separado por guiones antes de
colgar las fotos y el texto alternativo sin por fi miralo a ver si lo he
hecho bien aqui te espero Vale, dale a actualizar ya lo he actualizado
pero que tengo que mirar? 8-) Si has quitado el pié de página :) uy
como? mi no entender Mira, en esta imagen todavía está:
http://cld.wthms.co/wv85iG y lo he quitado????? habrá sido sin querer
espera que me he perdido el pie de pagina te refieresa lo que he puesto
debajo de cada foto? esque me sige apareciendo! el primero ya no está
así que tienes que borrar y actualizar los otros aychsss esque no me
estoy enterando yo veo todo igual Vale, espera un momento que te pongo
otra captura tengo que mirar dentro de cada foo? foto? Si, eso es dentro
de cada foto, si añadiste el pié de página, lo puedes quitar, para que
no se vea el recuadro gris ya pero la gente noverá lo que és porque he
intentado pasar e cursor por encima de las fotos para ver si dice el
nombre del archiv y no sale nada Dame un momento que miro la primera
foto del artículo Vale, la imagen no tiene título donde tiene texto
alternativo pero no título ninguna?!!!!!! las otras no he mirado espera
voy a evr la foto del puete de la que me has mandado pantallazo si veo
titulo Título\n\npuente-calatrava-alameda-valencia\nLeyenda\n\nTexto
alternativo\n\nPuente de Calatrava
Valencia\nDescripción\n\nURL\n\nhttps://destinationvalenciavlc.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/puente-calatrava-alameda-valencia1.png\nCOPIAR\nNOMBRE
DE ARCHIVO\npuente-calatrava-alameda-valencia1.png\nTIPO DE
ARCHIVO\nPNG\nDIMENSIONES\n960 ? 720\nFECHA DE SUBIDA\n30 Mayo 2017 tant
titulo y texto alternativo me sale al editar lafoto con el lapiz no es
eso? eh, espera si? no te refieres a esto? A esto:
http://cld.wthms.co/5Kmbon ah valeeeee justo las portadas es a lo que no
he puesto nada puedes mirar lo que pone en la foto del puente del primer
pantallazo? si me dices que asi es correcto lo pongo igual en las
portadas y ya te libero ;) voy a mirar :) has grabado? si si Te he
añadido el texto alternativo en la primera foto, puedes mirarlo? puedes
poner las otras fotos igual espera lo miro te refieres a que lo has
añadido a la portada o al puente? esto es lo que tengo que hacer para el
seo¿? A esta foto: http://cld.wthms.co/u7ynkl eso es lo que tienes que
hacer para SEO ok voy a mirar perdoname brezo pero no veo nada
Título\n\nportada-2 dias en Valencia (día 2) apaisado\nLeyenda\n\nTexto
alternativo\n\nDescripción\n\nURL\n\nhttps://destinationvalenciavlc.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/portada-2-dias-en-valencia-dc3ada-2-apaisado.jpg\nCOPIAR\nNOMBRE
DE ARCHIVO\nportada-2-dias-en-valencia-dc3ada-2-apaisado.jpg\nTIPO DE
ARCHIVO\nJPG\nDIMENSIONES\n960 ? 720\nFECHA DE SUBIDA\n30 Mayo 2017\nCan
:-( Vale, puedes mirar de nuevo? y no es lomismo que tenía ya yo en la
foto delpuente? cuál es la foto del puente? la siguiente a la portada el
primer pantallazo que me has enviado Vale estaba bien, es que hay que
hacer dar al botón azul cuando actualizas la foto, dentro de la foto te
lo he hecho que susto y lo de los guiones? a ver ya esta en un monton de
fotos pero bueno Es mejor sin guiones en el título pero es una
recomendación asi que es mejor que lo ponga basico sin guiones ni
mayusculas nicacentos ni acentos ni en el titulo ni en texto
alternativo? pues nada lo reharé :( estoy agitada y con ganas de dejar
andar ya el blog no paro de hacer ajustes supongo que será normal al
pricipio en fin MILLONES DE GRACIAS!!!!!!!!! un placer como siempre y
super agradecida que tengas un dia genial y un finde también! :-)
Gracias a ti y buen finde! gracias bonica I have hired the help of a web
developer to build my site and link my existing site. I have made her
administrator on both sites. She is telling me she can't do anything
unless she's the owner. How can I get her permission to do anything I
can do? So, if you first install a plugin yourself, they should then be
granted rights. This is because when you install plugins, we migrate you
to different servers, and that'll give full access to your admins. Can
you try installing any plugin you like at
https://wordpress.com/plugins/browse/ ? It doesn't really matter what;
I'd recommend Meta SEO ok.. so I just click on the above link, search
for Meta SEO and install?then tellher she should be good to go? Exactly
:) ok let me try that It may take a little while, about 15 minutes But
then you'll be migrated over, and she should gain access Let us know how
it goes! :) so i dont see how to actually install the plugin i have
searched for? Just a sec Looking :) i think i found the install button..
should she do this on her computer or doesn't matter No, you'll want to
do it. Just a click and it should be all set says activating so should
be on the right track.. thanks Excellent :) is it normal for this to
still be \migrating\? actually says Activating WP Meta SEO Yep, still in
progress. Try checking back in about an hour, and we can have another
look. :) You can certainly move away from that page if you like. It's
taking place in the background still Activating WP Meta SEO.. seems like
a long time? Hey there. Give me a moment to check on this for you! I'm
digging in to your account now to see what the timeline is looking like
there. Alright it looks like it's active on our end. You should check on
the WordPress Admin site to check that. Here's a link to that:
https://homeworksinspect.com/wp-admin/admin.php?page=metaseo_dashboard
Check at the bottom left of your dashboard and go to the section for WP
Meta SEO to see that there! the question is - did it migrate over to the
server that will allow my admin to build the site ok, used the link and
I do see WP SEO there so she should be good to go? Yes, since you've
added the plugin any admin is good to go with that! Happy to help! Let
us know if more questions come up another time :) how many pages i can
create ? There's no limit on pages! i can even create another Facebook 2
here ? sry im a noob and learning to understand more You're able to
connect a Facebook profile to your page if that's what you're looking
for! It's ok :) nono i mean create a www.facebook2.com referring the
size of it how bout memories storage of files here ? You do have options
on how to size elements of your page! I'm not sure what Facebook 2 is
specifically, though. like media files Since you have our Business plan,
you have unlimited storage space! Great feature omg really ok not for
long maybe the reason I'm asking is I'm building a classified site
Perfect, that storage should really help out with that! will have tons
of images and unmanageable pages may have* Got it. Yes, no need to worry
about storage in that case on your plan :) ok 1 question answered
--------------------- now i create a page for a advertiser for them to
advertise, how do i use login to control their access to other place ?
Ah so that depends on the level of access you'd like the user to have.
This article outlines the roles different individuals can have:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/user-roles/#summary is it included and
i do not have to download additional plugins ? That's exactly right.
https://en.support.wordpress.com/user-roles/#changing-user-roles This
article discusses how to change their roles.
https://wordpress.com/people/team/sgautomart.com You'll start that
process there on the \People\ setting. level up again XD in it , Author
– can write, upload photos to, edit, and publish their own posts. the
\post\ refer to page also ? their own page Authors can access posts, but
editors can access pages so if you are my advertiser , you need to play
with your own page , i have to give you which role ? That's the editor
role, to have access to pages to all pages i create ? or i can set it
for his assigned page only An editor would have access to all pages,
there's not a way to only give access to one page anyway i can do that ?
i mean 3rd party plugs ? Sorry, that isn't a feature that's available.
oic ok how bout this \posts\ thing in here where does it share to ? i
could only understand in facebook , everyone can post in their page and
comment anywhere Are you wanting to share to different social media
outlets? i dont know yes maybe oh so i could share. so then if i create
a post and where will it go ? sry ignore that ------------------- if i
create a post and where will it go ?
https://wordpress.com/posts/sgautomart.com is where you'd being a post
and it would post to a blog page. So that would get started if you began
making posts. whose blog page ? It would begin a \Blog Posts\ section on
your site. this link is my home admin page , just like Facebook home
page ? That link is where new posts can be written. then i write post ,
and post for me to see or maybe share to anyone ? Yes, you can select
post visibility before posting to decide whether to have it private for
you only or public. ok ... and since my domain is searchable with google
.., if anyone search internet , my post may come out to public ?
Correct! Any public posts are going to be searchable by Google. Does
this info help you out? ya. I'm setting ads template , i want to know
what this post thing do i thing i need to play with it and understand
more think* Alright! Go ahead and do so and if more questions come up
another time, we can help you out! :) sorry last question , now i create
product A for my advertiser in his page, i do it by the editing page or
i should create it as a posts ? Sure, something that you create on a
page like that can be edited on the page instead of the post. users
search on google, google may list out my page related to the user
search, and google may also dig out my post and show the user am i right
? so this post thing is like I'm baking a cake and list out in my
classified page that i have this cake,,,,, then if create a posts for it
, its like telling everyone this cake just came out from the oven Nice
analogy. Here are some tips to improving your searchability:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ Tips like
that will make your site and posts even more searchable, so yes is the
answer to your question. hmm level up again lol there are billions of
people baking cakes, who should search engine shows The more time you're
able to dedicate to improve searchability for your site, the better it
will index when searched, so that's good at least! few things in my
mind. make a cake that smell like shit can also gain seo ranks this will
also spread and get ranking Your having a Business plan builds in
improved search engine optimization, so that will help with search
engines too. Hopefully that helps you get started on getting your search
engine status even better! ya now i see a better picture Great, happy to
help. this google ads is also tricky and maybe useless and costly ....
if 1 expert know how to play SEO , he do not need to spend and get
ranking compare others who keep paying google ads It may vary based on
the site, indeed. Does this help give you the information you need? ya
Awesome! I'll mark this as resolved for now, but you know where you can
get more help if needed :) Take care! I've just read up the roles of a
user so now when i click 1 user which is also my account that I've tried
to login it shows more role than the default ones i had delete those
plugins that created them how do i further remove it form the roles Let
me see if I can remove those manually. now theres a dylan user Ok, all
the roles except the default roles, and one called Advertiser, is
deleted. I'm not sure where that Advertiser role is coming from, but it
doesn't seem to be possible to delete it using the User Role Editor. oh
Where do I find SEO so I can add to my site?\n You can find SEO options
here: https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/primalgymnj.wordpress.com
And when writing a post or a page, it will show a SEO box too The option
to make the site private has disappeared entirely. I am not finished
building the site and would like to make it private until it is ready.
please advise Sure thing! For a site that has been upgraded to include
plugins, you will actually want to use a custom plugin to create that
private site. You might try a plugin such as
https://wordpress.com/plugins/coming-soon there is no way to reverse?
like if a deactivate the plugin will i be able to set it to private? The
maintenance/coming soon plugin will do the same thing, and allow you to
have a custom message up when active. we'd just rather make it private
because we are running into some issues the site may not be coming soon
The plugin will be set in the WP Admin section of the site under the
Settings section I believe. You can set the language to say anything you
want it to, including that the site is private. is this the only option,
to use the plugin? there is no way to get the private radial button back
in the wordpress dashboard? That is what I would recommend. Reverting
your site would disable other features that you have now enabled, and
long term the plugin option would work better. I'm happy to help you get
that setup if you would like. well before that, i was advised that we
should transfer our site to wordpress.org, if we were to do so, do we
lose this business plan feature or how does that work? You have the
ability to upload and install all plugins and themes for your site,
which is really the major difference between WordPress.com and
WordPress.org. The Business Plan now bridges that gap with most sites.
I'm happy to install and activate that plugin for you now to ensure it
works correctly on your site. we were told that we should keep our old
site because of SEO rankings and will want to migrate this one to the
old one if we can figure out how to do so (long story) i was thinking i
could just point the old site to this new one yet not sure how
everything works yet What is the address for your old site? is there an
easy SEO guide anywhere to learn from before i continue building this
site? gerberg.com that is the preferred address. eventually we need that
to be the main address Sure thing! We can definitely help you with that
when the time comes. For SEO, I would recommend taking a look here: our
webmaster disappeared for over a year and i have a little bit of
wordpress experience so thought i would try to figure it out but it
seems like its getting too complicated because of the SEO i am not sure
where he hosted gerberg.com, i believe it was on his own servers in the
UK We will definitely have a better system in place from an SEO
perspective. We have servers around the world, so you should always see
fast load times for your site. would i be able to migrate the old site
with this one and use the old domain? You would be able to copy/paste
the content over following the steps here:
https://transferto.wordpress.com/drag-and-drophtml-site-builders/
without having read this, will it explain how to use the old site
address with this new one and its old seo history i dont have access to
the host site for gerberg.com It does. The SEO is something that will be
a little different, as the static HTML site (your old site) is really
just relying on the page content and a few tags. The WordPress site will
have a lot more SEO options, which you can read about at the first link.
so once i build this site (gerbergandco.com) i will then be able to use
the drag and drop article to move the old site (gerberg.com) to this
one, and then be able to configure SEO on gerberg.com? wow that made
sense to you ok great! seems like I'm on the right track then lets
activate the coming soon plug in before my computer dies the person i
was speaking to said he made the site private yet I'm asking you as a
second opinion because we can still access it I haven't setup the plugin
yet, so we'll do that now for you. Ok, that has been setup. If you are
logged out you will now see a coming soon message. I entered that
content here:
https://gerbergandco.com/wp-admin/options-general.php?page=seed_csp4 You
can update the language to anything you would like. need help assigning
SEO meta description HELP with website Did you have a question about a
specific setting or feature? can I speak to a live person I'm pretty
alive lol...difficult to text and make page changes Totally
understandable what are we working on? meta seo descriptions so my
website comes up on google 1st It looks like you're using a plugin to
manage the SEO settings, which overrides our built-in SEO in this case,
you'll want to read that plugin's instructions. However, there's really
nothing you can do to guarantee your site comes up on Google 1st aside
from paying Google. that's their primary source of revenue is the
plug-in not good? can you look at my octovieskinbrush site to see what I
can improve It's not that it's good or bad, it's just that I'm not
familiar with it, so you'll want to use the plugin's support to
understand what changes to make SEO isn't really a magic bullet. search
engines use a lot of factors to \rank\ your site Honestly, most places
that sell SEO or over-emphasize it are just trying to take your money
I'd recommend reading our guide here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ SEO can
definitely help, but it's much, much (much) more important to focus on
your content first The days of hiding 100 invisible keyword tags are
long past where is plug in support The only guaranteed way to make sure
you site comes up with certain searches, in certain areas, is by buying
ads from Google The support for your plugin will be provided by the
author of the plugin normally listed on the same page you installed the
plugin Evaluating the usefulness of a plugin is definitely a learning
process If you find it difficult to use or not giving you the results
you want, I recommend uninstalling it but the above guide I recommended
will walk you through all the basics to understanding SEO and your
traffic make autoptimize work\n Hi there! Is that a plugin you have
installed on your site? yes, but when i activate it, the site goes
funny. Ok, let me take a quick look at that plugin. One moment. sure,
shall i activate it or not? Don't just yet. Let me poke around for a
moment. Ok, I do see the issue. Most of your site code is already run
through a compression utility and delivered over CDN. This particular
plugin seems to be mostly 'all or nothing' in the way it is compressing
the files, and so it is causing the display errors when active. so how
should i go about to increase a bit more my page speed google rating?
minify css, javascript and so on? I would recommend going through the
options here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo You might also look
at the Yoast SEO plugin and some of the different features it offers. i
have to do some reading then? Yes, I would recommend doing some reading,
and also look into the Yoast plugin. It offers a lot of great features
for increasing your site's results within Google and other search
engines. sure ok great. I would like to remove the banner that appears
at the bottom of each article saying who published this article: I think
it's a gravatar but I dont know remove it\nThank you for your help Ok!
Thank you for your patience. I wasn't sure I remembered where that was
for this theme either, so I wanted to check. From the Customizer:
https://wordpress.com/customize/lemaltaisrouge.com Select the Content
Options section, and remove the check under Author Bio for ' Display on
single posts'. That will remove that on the individual posts. Of course,
I thank you !!! Sorry to insist... a SEO problem: my site does not
appear on search engines, very badly on google, what do I do? Have you
looked through the SEO information available here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo Additionally, have you registered
your site through the Google Search Console following the steps here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools Maybe I did not well
done... I'll start again thanks How do I utilize SEO with my plan? SEO
is already built-in to your WordPress.com, so basically you won't need
to do anything else but publish your content regularly :) But we also
have some good tips here, if you'd like to take a look:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/tag/seo/ Still with me? :) Sorry, doing
too many things at once! Those articles are perfect, thanks! I notice
I'm not coming up yet when I google \melanie sokol photography\ does
that require time and regular posting Yep! Also, Google will take some
time to learn that you are using a new domain for your site now Once it
does you will find your site when browsing the search engines :)
Awesome! Thank you so much. :D Very much appreciated. We'll be around if
you need anything else. Thanks have a great day need help for seo tool
WordPress sites are already optimized for SEO You can read more about
how it works here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ i,m
trying to figure out how people look for my website on google search or
yahoo, etc to find my website You can view your site stats here
http://wordpress.com/stats/ i know how to look the stats cause my
webiste is about shipping business and i want when people search about
shipping they could find me even not in the first page so how to put the
shipping category in my site ? The best way is to consistently publish
useful, original posts about shipping and to promote your blog in to
people who are looking for information about your topic how to publish
the post ? Are you in editing the post at the moment? sorry i just learn
how to make my own blog In the top right-hand corner is a green button
to publish the post Or to update if it is already published This page is
a helpful resource https://learn.wordpress.com/get-published/ i am on
the blog posts page now i am on blog publish now halo do you see the
button? Where did you get up to? so basically post more blog about what
i want people to search Yes. And include that information in your pages
too i wonder if there is a video how to publish blog to optimize it To
optimize it for SEO? There is another post here with some additional
resources (although it's not a video)
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/ An invalid
link appears in google search when i search my site. I don't know how to
get rid of it so it doesn't show up in google search.\n\nThe link is
https://scoopsnvogue.com/cropped-image1-jpg/ Do you have an image with
that title 'image1' in your media library? there is one It sounds like
the Google search is pointing to that image, what did you search for to
have it come up? i just search my site scoopsnvogue.com and this is the
second search result that comes up I delete the image on that url
permanently but this link is still there. There will be some time for
Google to catch up, it stores its results in memory to make them faster
ok i hope so thanks for the help I am using the Dara theme. I want to
make the font bigger and bolder for the site title and the tagline. How
do I do that? \nSecondly, I want to make the point size bigger for the
content I am writing in the website.How do I do that?\nThirdly, I have
inserted a Social menu (facebook), but I am unable to insert it in my
site.\nFourth, what is meant by widgets? I saw the demo, but can,t make
out.\nFifth, who would write the testimonials on my site? Can any viewer
write it? If so, well the website ask for my permission before it is
published? We'll go through your questions one by one. If you go to
https://wordpress.com/customize and go to 'Fonts', you can increase or
decrease the size of your heading font and the body font. I had clicked
on Fonts, but all I get to choose is the type of Fonts ok, I got it
You'll have to select a different font to be able to select a size
thanks, got it! Great! I see you have the social menu, but no links in
there except one. Ya, I want to put my facebook page there You can go to
Menus -> Social menus and edit the existing item there to add a link to
your facebook page Then, click 'Add Items, to add links to your other
social media pages We have a tutorial for adding a social links menu
here https://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/social-links-menu/ how do O
add a link to my facebook page Do you see the facebook menu item in the
social menu? If you click on it, it will expand, and you'll see an
option to put in a URL So, Ihave put my facebook page url in it then
clicked on add items Do you have other social profiles you want t o add?
nope, that's it Email is not a social profile, right? You can add an
item for email if you want there. The url will be in this
format\n\nmailto:hello@abc.com So how do I do that and what about phone
contact? First about the facebook item, I am a little confused You can
add a phone number in this format:\n\ntel:+919999999 I have clicked on
add items now I see custom link home etc what do I do now? You should
click on Custom Link, then fill in a label and a url, and click 'Add to
menu' Label means? It's the field called \Link Text\ And what do I write
in Link text Facebook? For example, for a facebook link, you'll write
'Facebook' For an email link, you'll write Email, and so on see I have
done that But on my site I can't see a f, that is the facebook symbol on
the button Can you click 'Save and Publish' so I can take a look? Done
that You only filled in the Link text, and not the url You have to fill
in the url to make it a link I have filled in a url below that I have
written facebook in navigation/label Navigation label then there is
title attribute css classes link relationship description all these I
have left blank I don't see a url filled in your links. Can you share
the url here? https://www.facebook.com/LeagueOfExcellenceByLN/ Can you
refresh and try now? I can see it now Great! Now, you can go into the
Widgets section to looks at your site's widgets Suppose I want to ensure
that this facebook page opens in another link as in opens in another
page The menu items have an option called \ Open link in a new tab \
where is it I have clicked on menu I just want to ensure this for the
facebook link not for other stuff in my website You can change this
separately for each menu item how do I change for facebook for example I
have clicked on menus now I can see advanced menus below it Now you have
to go into 'Social Menu', and click on the Facebook item to expand it. I
clicked on it and it says url Do you see the option that says \ Open
link in a new tab \ it says navigation label etc
http://cld.wthms.co/leYee Take a look at this the same thing where we
were earlier oh ya I think I am just overworked Can't see things right
in front Also, please help me with mail to and phone I will just do it
and see if its working You can click on Add Items, and add a custom
link. The url for phone will be in this format:\n\ntel: followed by the
number in international format and what do I write in label Just write
\Phone\. and for mail? The url will be in this format\nmailto: followed
by the email address see I have done it for the phone but I can,t see a
phone symbol This theme doesn't have the phone icon, but the link will
work\\ what about mail? does it have symbol for mail? so social menu is
done You're most welcome! :) now next is widgets what does it mean So
widgets are small blocks which you can put in predetermined places on
your site for example? This will get you started
https://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/ I had gone through it earlier
but still not been able to grap what it means and what woulde be a side
bar If you look here on the blog page
https://darademo.wordpress.com/blog/ You'll see the widgets on the right
side. The search bar and the block of text that says 'About Dara' that
is a widget? means search bar and about Dara are both wigets here oh got
it means I can put a search bar on my website that would be awidget? so
can you help me with that that search bar would only search for stuff on
my site , right? please help me with that In the customizer, if you go
into Widgets -> Sidebar Then click 'Add a widget' And select the search
widget from the list then I clicked on search what do I write on in it's
title You can leave the title field empty, or put in a title like
'Search' Search ok,then Then click 'Save and Publish' You can add other
widgets in the same way. do I have to click on visibilty or anything?
You don't need to do that. I can't see it on the site though It will
only be visible on pages which are not full width. and automatically
people will be directed to the relevant information/page so there is no
way I can put a search bar on my first page If you want to have it
showing on all pages, you can add a search bar in one of the Footer
widget areas. then will it show on the main/first page too? The search
will be directed to a search results page. I can see the no of view and
theno. of vistors for my site but can I lnow who viewd it? or who
visited it? There's no way to know who visited the site, only certain
attributes like IP address, location also suppose I want to upload some
pictures on my website like foe header image etc is there a collection
of freepics wordpress has from where one can choose A great place to
find royalty-free images is http://librestock.com/ ok greay Or
https://pixabay.com/ also , suppose I want to change the font for the
stuffwritten in dara theme where they have home, templates etc. on the
bar above or change just that bars point isze how do i do tha You can
only change font size and family for headings and body only. also, like
for the base font below the heading can we change the colour of it like
right now that line is grey You can just change the color scheme in
'Colors and Backgrounds' but that will change all the colours in the
background, right? not just for one line? Yes! Fine-tuned control is
only available in the premium plan and above. next question is suppose I
am writing some content in my website and I want to write an email
address , like wtite to us at and then i want to put a link which
automatically open their default maila ccount and fills my email address
how Just select the text, and click the 'Insert/Edit Link' button then
It's icon number 7 here
https://en-support.files.wordpress.com/2009/08/row-1.png In the url,
just put the email address in the same format as in the menu. mailto: is
there anyway I can decrease the size of my logo? You can upload a
smaller picture. any other way? also , this page is up and running right
now? I mean it's published? but when I search fir it in google I don't
see it till a few pages i mean I dont see it New sites can take around 6
weeks or so to appear in search engines. I would recommend setting up
Google search console. This will get you started
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ what's that? Google
search console is Google's tool where you can submit your site to
Google. is it free? and I can do that anytime even later? I am trying to
insert the mail link but am not able to filled the url then it shows my
mail address and a cancel sign and a pencil sign ( write to ) with it
but I can't see the link on my page Can you tell me which page was that?
the first page Have you updated the page? Did you click the blue
'Update' button in the top right? it says email but doesn't show my
address i wanted t show my address and then people can click on it and
write to me SO you can write the email address there, select it, and
then make it a link I have 3 more queries suppose I have to increase the
point size of what I wrting on my pages how do I do that on the tool bar
on top I saee color , insert link , indent etc. but dn't see an option
for the point size The only way to do that is to increase the size for
the whole site, or use html code. An alternative would be to use a
third-party editor like this http://openlivewriter.org/ html code what
is that will that effect the site in any way or just change the display
HTML is the code that any website is made up of. You can edit your
posts/pages in html by switching to the HTML view in the editor but the
content i have wrtiiten is coming in a different form Since you're on
Windows, you can use Open live writer or a similar app to write your
content. span style=\color: #000000;\>The League of Excellence is a
Delhi based and Lekha Manohar, which offers personalized coaching to
students preparing for the GMAT, GRE & SAT. The Leagu... Do I have to
download it first? No, it is not necessary to download it. when i open
the site it says download home, news, blog, etc. Sorry for the delay. I
was checking your account. So, as you are using the Personal plan on
your website, it doesn't have the option to make fonts bigger.\nThat
feature depends on Custom Design, which is available only on Premium and
Business. so I cant do it through openlivewire Unfortunately, it is not
possible to so. can we edit/customise our website on tablets? Yes!\nYou
can open up WordPress.com directly on your tablet's browser or install
the app available here https://apps.wordpress.com/ ok, so when I am on
say an ipad, then can i edit it in html format? Do you mean the content
of your pages and blog posts? coz you said it doesnt appear proper on
windows Yes, the HTML tab is available on the app too. what about ipad?
You will see the icon < > at the bottom right corner of the app on
iPad.\nThis way you will be able to edit the HTML of your blog posts and
pages. i wanted to ask like the links i am creating are turning out to
be light blue like for email etc. can i change the colours of those
links Let me check how you are creating those items. I am writing my
email adress , clicking on edit link and making that into a link but it
appears in a light blue colour That is the color set for links by your
theme. If you want to change the color for all links, it will be
necessary to upgrade to Premium. This way the feature Custom Design will
be added to your website. also, I can seethe views and vistors from
which part of the world loke the USA etc Otherwise, it will be necessary
to add styles to your links manually. Like this:\ntheleagueofexcellence22@gmail.com
but can i know the exact city? Unfortunately, stats don't show that type
of information. no city or stae? No. It displays only countries. next is
about tags how do tags help? They help you to segment blog posts into
different subjects. Here is how to use them:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/ Means i have put a few tags
related to my site so like it's related to coaching so i have put
coaching as a tag what i can understand is anyone searches for coaching,
so my website can appear? Search where? anywhere on google does it mean
that just like instgram tags or is it something else Google puts more
importance on your content than on tags.\nSo, you should add those words
into the page or blog post content. then what are tags I didnt really
get it Did you open up the guide I sent you a few minutes ago? Here it
is again: https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/ I just checked it
and have added a few on my page but I want to know do they appear
anywhere? as in display? Let me check if your theme displays tags for
pages. Your current theme doesn't display page tags on it.\nBut it
displays tags for blog posts. then if I use any pics from pixbay.com
they are free and there is no copyright infingement It depends on their
license. Would you mind contacting them about it?\nWe also have some
free image websites recommended here
https://en.support.wordpress.com/add-media/finding-free-images-and-other-media/
what is meant by featured content when I click on cutomise I see
featured content there tit has featured tag It is a post slider like the
one displayed on the theme demo here: https://wordpress.com/theme/dara
the thing that helps slide the pic? Yup/ but my front page is static
That is happening because you don't have any blog post using the tag
configured on Featured Content. So, I need to add it or can I just leave
it? Could you please check your blog posts and add the same tag to them?
It is up to you. Featured Content is opptional. also, i can edit my site
anyitme even after 6 months? Yes. You can edit your website any time you
want to. so in the featured tag I should leave it blank? or I have to
put 123? You can use any tag you want there. I mean can I didn't
understand the purpose of this tag? Please, open up this link:
https://darademo.wordpress.com/ Can you see the slider at the top of the
website? but if I am not using the slider do i need to still put a tag?
Please, let me explain what that area is That is the Featured Content
area. If you add the tag 123 to the Featured Content section, it will
display the blog posts with the same tag (123) at the top of your
website just like it does on the demo website. You are not required to
use a slider.\nIf you want to, you can leave that field empty. last 2
queries Sorry, about the long list of questions if I want change the
diaplay pic like the ipod, ipod mini , the front pic, how do I do that?
Would you like to change the image of what page? the front page display
like in dara theme behind the office space That image is the Featured
Image of the page About.\nYou can edit it on My Site > Pages > About.
You will find the Featured Image section on the right sidebar by
clicking on Page Settings. so this is also the main image that displays
when someone visits my website ,righ? You can see how your website is
being displayed by accessing your domain here:
https://theleagueofexcellence.com/ If you can see the image there, your
users will be able to see it too. now the last query I am sure you must
be tired too you have practically helped me make the entire site my last
query is about testimonials That's Okay. I'm here to help :-) Can any
viewers write on the testimonials? who visit the site? No. You need to
add testimonials manually on My Site > Testimonials.\nHere is the direct
link to that section:
https://wordpress.com/types/jetpack-testimonial/theleagueofexcellence.com
So, how do I viewers know it's genuine? means we will obviously write
good things about us? how do people know it's genuine That is not
possible to make that 100% guaranteed.\nIf you don't want to use
testimonials, you should ask your users to comment on your blog posts or
pages. i want to use testiminials so can viewers post on the
testimonials? i mean comment on it No, your users can't publish
testimonials directly to your website. can they comment on it? They can
comment on your blog posts. not on testimonials/ viwers can't comment on
testimonials, right? Only comment.\nAs I explained earlier, you need to
add testimonials manually on My Site > Testimonials. like i can see 2
testimonials can we add more? You can add as many testimonials you want
to, but it is possible to display only 2 testimonials in the front page.
tahnks a ton! you have been very helpful and patient thank you once
again! I'm glad I was able to help :-) I want to define meta tags and
keywords for whole page. To define custom Meta tags/keywords, a site
needs to be on the Business plan. Google automatically pulls the
relevant keywords from most sites though So it's not something super
important for every site okay, I see. Thank you for that hint. And
Google gets them through the keywords I'm putting in the form on the
right side of Wordpress (if I'm editing an article)? That helps yes.
Assign each article a relevant category and 2-3 tags Chat us again if
any other questions come up too! mon site word press n'apparait pas sur
le moteur de recherche google alors que cela fait plus 72 heures qu'il
est créer We provide support primarily in English, but I would be happy
to use Google Translate to assist you. My wordpress site does not appear
on the google search engine whereas it does more 72 hours than it is
creating how can I call and talk to someone reference my website
please\n Sometimes search engines can take from 4-6 weeks to detect a
new site. Here is a great support site that can give you some
information regarding Search Engine Optimization with a WordPress.com
site.\n It can provide you with some information and some ways you can
increase your
rank.https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ is
there a number I can call please to talk to someone We offer live chat
support, email or forum support. I would be happy to help if you would
like to explain what is happening. We also have our own support page
here: I really want to discuss my issues with someone on the phone as I
do not have the time to type here As you follow these tips about
increasing your rank, you should notice a difference with Google. They
scan for new sites and new information so once your site is picked up
you will see it in the rank. We do not have phone support. to be honest
that is rubbish!! Everyone should have phone support you are offering a
do it yourself builder and should want to listen to peoples concerns If
you would like to let me know what is happening, I can follow up with
you as well if you do not have time right now. but I need it sorting now
grrrrr you are so frustrating as a company I hate all this Ok, well I am
here to help if you would like to explain what is happening? how do
change the title tags on my pages? You would have tags for posts, or
slugs for pages. Are you looking to change the title itself? Here is
more information on slugs and tags: If there is anything else we can
help with, please feel free to come back to chat. You will be emailed
these links so you have them as a reference. Thanks I want to change the
title tags that appear in blue on the google search pages?! Can I do
this Can you show me an example? What are you searching in Google so I
can see what is appearing? this is why this is so frustrating!!!!!!!!
The text that comes up in the google search on the page! how the hell am
I supposed to show you that?! its on every google page Yes I know what
you are referring to, but with Google it can be a different things. I am
wondering if you can tell me what you are searching so I can see what
you are referring to. Often it is the Title of the page itself. You are
dealing with a novice that is taking advise from my advertising rep!! I
do not know what or how to do this!! its why I am using wordpress In
most cases, but sometimes it can be content Ok, I assume they are
referring to your Page Titles then. You can change those by going to My
Site - Pages. Here will be a list of your pages. If you edit one of them
you will be able to edit the title at the top. I have been told I should
be able to change the title tag and this will allow the page to be
searched and alternative text to come up ie if I search cpsmith big
green egg. I want a title search to say something other to that and more
descriptive which is the bit in the background of the page not the title
on the page itself Ok, that sounds like the excerpt then. If you go to
the page the way I mentioned. And then at the bottom there is a section
for More Options., You will see Excerpt there. This area allows you to
put a small description. Please keep in mind that Google scans update
every so often so the changes on Google will not be immediate. no that
is not it as I already have all this!! it is how do I change my title
tags Ok since there is nothing called Title tags, can you please give me
an example of what your advertiser is searching so that I can see what
he wants changed? There are tags on posts not on pages. If you are
referring to a post, I can show you where to change that. Pages have
excerpts and titles. If you have something I can search in Google so I
can see for myself what is trying to be changed it would help. It would
help if I could call and speak to someone!!!! even Apple have that
facility! Are you able to send me something I can search? I understand
that you are frustrated, but I am not able to change the fact that we do
not have phone support. I can help you though. So if you would like to
send me some more information I would be happy to see what we can do to
help! BBQs in Fakenham If I want my site to appear and say something
like 'unique ceramic oven bbq Fakenham based'. how do I do that?? in the
blue writing..... I do not want to have to put that all over the pages,
I should be able to change the title tag for the page which is sitting
in the background of the web site. ????? Ok that is a tagline. If you go
to your customizer here:
https://cpsmithstoves.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php And go to
Site Identity That is where you would put the site description itself.
That is different than the page description. If someone searches for
something that is on one of your pages, it will likely bring up page
content with Google. If someone searches for your site or something on
your homepage, then your site description should be displayed. Just be
sure to save your changes there, no that is not it I want to do this
with every page not just the site!!!! When I search your page in google
it shows me \cp smith stoves\ Which is pulling from that Site Identity
area I just showed you. It also shows me this \CP Smith Stoves is a
premium stove dealer, with top brands of wood and multi fuel stoves to
suit any home. Based in North Norfolk we specialise in professional .\
Which is pulled from the front page. That is all I see. but I want to
optimise every page not just the site When someone searches for a
particular page, that excerpt will show up. That is the tag for that
page. The title that will show up is the title you have assigned to the
page. Those are the only things that will show up. You would need to set
those per page. what about a plug ion called yoast is this free I need
to start getting my pages ranked and making things responsive and
optimising it to its full extent so how do I do all this on this site?\\
Yoast is not one of our Plugins but more information about it is here:
https://wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-seo/ We do have our own support
sites on SEO And increasing your rank that I can send you. At the end of
the chat you will receive a transcript so you can reference these links
These sites can help provide you with tips on how to be most favourable
to google. If you have any specific questions about it as you go, please
feel free to come back to chat. If there is anything else we can help
with, please feel free to come chat. I am closing the chat now and you
will receive your transcript with these links. Thanks and enjoy your
day! Hello,\nI try to add SEO additions to my website, but could not do
this for free. \nI am a member of wordpress since 2009, having domain
since 2013.\nWhat is yuor suggestion? I aim to reach more
people...\nRegards\nZeynep Albaraz Gençer If you are trying to improve
your search engine page results rankings on your current plan, here are
the techniques we suggest using: How can I pull up my blog posts by
search engine? I've checked your website soniasahar.com and it is
already configured to be read by search engines. If you want to, it is
possible to add your website to Google Search Console by following this
guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Thank you. What about searches for specific blogs How do those tags
work? Could I use a tag name from my blog on a search engine? Tags are a
good way to segment your blog posts per topic, but Google doesn't give
them a lot of importance any more. Or... I have a blog named Biscuits
for Eid. I tried searching this name on the search engine but it didn't
pull up my blog That blog post has been published today.\nGoogle is not
that fast to add new content to search results. Would you mind trying
again in a few days? Can I help you with anything else for now? add tags
and keywords how to add tags to website? I'm pulling up your site
information now. You can add tags to your blog posts in the post editor.
what about website? Do you mean a list of tags that readers can click
on? no. seo tags/keywords Yes, there are SEO tools built into WordPress.
Have you seen this support page? https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/
so, the page titles, etc are seo? Everything on the page is used by
search engines to determine relevance, but I think what you're looking
for is the Meta description Described here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#front-page-meta-description
This is where you can include SEO keywords on your posts This feature is
available in the Business plan I'm going to close this chat for now, but
if you have any more questions you can always get in touch with us at
https://wordpress.com/help/contact few hours ago Hi there =) How can I
help you today? does it take some time to get updated? Yes, it usually
does, as anything DNS related It's already loading for me at
http://blog.enrollmedicare.com/, but it can vary according to where you
are in the worl *world But the set up is correct, so it's just a matter
of waiting can i not use https:// instead of http:// https:// will be
applied automatically to your site once the DNS propagation is finished
We handle that automatically Can I change the domain address from
blog.enrollmedicare.com to something else ? I see you have the mapping
added. What would you like to change it to?
https://www.enrollmedicare.com/blog Depending on what you want, I can
change it for you from my side. Let me know the new address! Ah, I see
But wait ! if we can change the address That's a bit different, that's
not a subdomain like you have now let us hold on for now then what it is
? https://www.enrollmedicare.com/blog So you can add a domain like:
enrollmedicare.com if it's not a sub domain? Or a subdomain like:
blog.enrollmedicare.com That is sort of like a folder within a site Can
we not add a folder ? Or a single page name. It doesn't have its own DNS
settings Are you going to use enrollmedicare.com for your site address
here? Or still use it elsewhere? I'm going to use enrollmedicare.com on
AWS Okay, great. Then to use any variation of it here for your second
site, you'd have to use a subdomain, which is blog.enrollmedicare.com
(the subdomain is the part in front of the main domain, separated by a
period) okay got you Can I create a subfolder and install wordpress into
that ? You can't do that here on WordPress.com Hosting, as we're a
managed environment. But you could do it on another server, that you
manage yourself! Could you tell me few servers where I can do If you've
already got hosting on AWS, you could check whether that's an option
there. I'm curious – could I ask why you don't want to use the
subdomain? I read few articles where it says subfolders are better for
seo than subdomains is this correct? I used to study SEO but it has been
a while, and I feel like the thinking around that changes as often as
Google alters their algorithms. Last I studied, I believe it was the
opposite Because it saw a subdomain site as a separate entity, and
therefore the traffic between those two sites offered more 'linkjuice'
power ;) Whereas a subfolder was seen as part of the same site. So it
really depends on your strategy, and how you're using your links. Oh yea
got you However, picking that one apart would be a little more in-depth
service than I can offer, not knowing your full SEO strategy and
content. :) (And feeling a bit out of date myself) :) but you made
sense. thank you I'm glad! You're welcome Good evening, how to remove
the mention \modify\ when another person looks at my website Hey there!
Happy to help! Where are you seeing this? At the bottom of each article
Got it. The reason you'll see this is because you're logged in and it's
your site. SO that gives you as the Admin the ability to modify. The
average user won't see this :) For example, if you were to log out, then
you wouldn't see that option when visiting your site. OK, thanks.\nBut
when I search my website on another page, I can not find it You're
welcome!\nCould you clarify please? Where are you searching for your
website where it's unable to find? \nI search on safari and google and I
do not find my website it ok now !! Oh perfect, I was just digging into
that for you! So does that answer your questions for you? :) I'll mark
this as resolved for now, but feel free to pop back in if more questions
come up! Ok thanks again An invalid link appears in google search when i
search my site. I don't know how to get rid of it so it doesn't show up
in google search.\n\nThe link is
https://scoopsnvogue.com/cropped-image1-jpg/\nhttps://scoopsnvogue.com/cropped-img_1688-jpg/
It seems to be not valid links so I believe Google will stop showing it
after some time Google can be a little slow to detect inexistent pages
and remove it from search results i have posted lot of blogs recently
why they show up top of the queue atleast when i search my own site on
google i should see all my posts *why they don't show up in google? just
curious if their is any setting that i haven't done? I can't say how
Google order your search results, it's up to Google to decide it can you
tell if all the required setting to enable search ability are turned on?
Yes, it is. Your site is set as Public so Google can index any page on
it verify my site with search engine google\n I would be happy to help.
You are looking to verify your site with Google? Do you mean increase
your search rank? not sure. just trying to make sure i am doing
everything right to be seen and have a good secure online presence I do
have some support pages that can give you tips on continuing to increase
your rank with search engines. And you do have our SEO Tools as well
since you are on our Business Plan. Here is one of the pages that can
help : ok. so how can i verify my page with google? its asking me to
install the html into my site then veriffy. can i do that? You would not
have access to the files to be able to do that. Can you send me a link
of what they are asking you to do, the page you see?
https://www.google.com/webmasters/verification/verification?hl=en=http://artilleryoutlaws.com/=https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/dashboard?hl%3Den%26authuser%3D0%26siteUrl%3Dhttp://artilleryoutlaws.com/%26sig%3DALjLGbN0GQNQW5lxoaByrzKP4sRk72pqTw=wmt=0=vfile,vmeta,vdns,vanalytics,vtagmanager=recommended
Yes you do not have access to be able to do that. ok. so do i even need
to do this or is there another way If you have SEO tools as you would
with our Business Plan and you are creating content on your site to
increase your SEO rank then you would not need to do this. Do you see
your site in Google's search results? i do not pop up at all when i
search gyms in vacaville im on the 6th page for crossfit gyms The first
things that Google will be searching will be the Titles of your site and
pages as well as any taglines you may have. I noticed here:
https://6weeknewyouchallengeinfo.wordpress.com/wp-admin/customize.php in
your customizer, you do not have a tagline set That is a great place to
have a phrase that offers some key words. These sorts of tips are on the
links that I sent you. artilleryoutlaws is the site i am focusing on Ok,
it brought me up your other site. Ok, you do have a tagline set up for
that site. Whatever key words you want people to find you with, you will
want to have in content on your site. I suggest checking out those links
I sent you and use the tips that are there to be sure you have things
set up to get the best search rank. You also have these tools with your
plan: You will want to be sure that you follow that page as well and
have them set up to also get you the best rank. If you have any other
questions along the way, please feel free to come back to chat and we
would be happy to help! As I mentioned you will receive a transcript
with the links I have sent you for reference. :) I have an existing
Joomla site registered with name.com to point to my in-house server. I
want to name my new Wordpress site to that domain and have name.com
point to the Wordpress server where my site will now reside. I do not
want to host in-house my site any longer. I am assuming you will be able
to adjust the Wordpress site links to point to the renamed Wordpress
site, e.g. ABC.COM => DEF.COM then all existing Wordpress links use
DEF.COM after the domain name is changed. I would expect you or I need
to change some DNS records or provide me with a redirect technique or
??? I would like to do this this week. Your help would be appreciated..
You have a website with us and you would like the name servers to point
to a different host is that right? No. I want my existing site name to
be used as my Wordpress domainand leave the pages on your servers. Ah
yes I see, so the reverse. And where is your content now? With us? on
your WordPress.com site? ccsretail.wordpress.com Ok perfect, so in order
to have your domain hosted here you will want to map it to us and change
your name servers with name.com. We do have a support page to walk you
through this. And to add your domain and follow the instructions you can
go to your Domain link here:
https://wordpress.com/domains/manage/ccsretail.wordpress.com When you
claim your free domain it allows you to map one instead that you already
own :) Can do. Also will your pages accept embedded JavaScript?I a You
can't embed any JavaScript on WordPress.com Here is a support page with
more info: http://en.support.wordpress.com/code/ Ok. What about making
my own extensions? I have some that I created over the years in PHP and
JavaScript for my Joomla Sites. You would have a lot more flexibility
with our Business Plan because it is similar to self hosted so you are
able to install plugins that can help with things like that. That code
support page breaks down what is able to be added to the WordPress.com
sites and what isn't. It would really depend on what you are trying to
create. But you have the most flexibility on the Business Plan I am
concerned about security. I had added some to Joomla to stop spammers,
etc. What is in my existing plan for this and for SEO? Here are our
plans. Currently you are on the Premium. The Business Plan allows you to
add SEP plugins and also comes with SEO tools. So am I not well
protected on my existing plan? As far as security we have a high
security. That is why some of these types of codes are not allowed. As
far as SEO, the Business Plan would be your best option. Can I print the
Chat out to absorb what I have already? You will receive a transcript
when I close this chat to your email for reference. :) Please email to
my developer address dpmvista@gmail.com if possible. It is already
preset to go to danm@ccscentral.com as that is the email on your
account. Also as a reference these are the tools that come with your
Business Plan: And you can also install from our wordpress.org site
plugins that focus on SEO as well. Just to keep in mind. :) Ok. I Have
the danm address forwarded anyway. Thanks. I will sign off now and look
through your feedback. Thanks. You're welcome. If you have any other
questions, feel free to come back to chat. I'm not able to save post
with SEO description. Also I'm not about to not able to change the color
of my hyperlinks. Let's take the link color issue first: This is due to
a recent bug, which we are working to correct quickly. In the mean time,
I do have a way you can get around this issue... If you create the text
and change it's color, and then make it a hyperlink, it will display the
correct color Once this bug is fixed, you won't need to do it in any
special order, and if you try to change the color of a link it will work
just fine So the first issue, with the SEO description Can you tell me
more about what happens when you try to add an SEO description? When I
add the SEO description and tell to save the post it fails they same
thing has happened when I try to just publish the post. The description
doesn't save And this was working until recently? I've just gone back
and it's been removed from all my recent post I know I haven't been
about to do it for in the last 10 days Have you added any plugins or
switched themes recently? I'm going to need to do some more research on
your SEO description issue. May I followup with you at
thefatgirloffashion@gmail.com? Thanks! I will email with an update
tonight. Thanks. Have a great day. Hi, I'm using Didi theme. I noticed
in Google webmaster console that some crawl errors were detected and it
seems its because my name shows as author on posts but no author name is
given on pages. I can't find an option that turns on or off the authors
name on pages, is there a way I can correct this? Let me take a look at
the Didi theme and see if there is a way to update that setting Hi, I'm
using Didi theme and I noticed in Google webmaster console that some
crawl errors were detected and it seems its because my name shows as
author on posts but no author name is given on pages. I can't find an
option that turns on or off the authors name on pages, is there a way I
can correct this? Sorry I accidentally sent that twice, oops :( That's
ok :) If you open up the Customize menu by clicking the button with that
name next to Themes You will see a section for Theme Options There is a
box you can check there to hide post author and dates from posts Ok I'm
looking at it now and I don't have those boxes checked but name still
isn't showing on pages, only posts Ok. Let me see if there is another
option for adding Page Author can you show me how to confirm my website
with pinterest? they would like me to copy and paste this tag to the
section of your website’s index.html file. can you please click on My
Sites? and then on the tab Settings? okay, great, and then on the tab
Traffic on the top? great, of you scroll it down a bit there should be a
place to paste the meta name for Pinterest do you see it? ah ha!!! yes
wow that was easy great :) I am happy to help! so you can save your
settings and you should be all set! Do you have any other questions? I'm
sure I will but not at the moment! Thanks Great! If you need further
help, you know where to find us! :) why my posts don't appear in google
search in any of the pages I would be happy to take a look for you. With
Google and other search engines it does take 4-6 weeks for them to
discover and display your content in most cases. When you search for
your site, have you found it in the ranks? sorry what do you mean by
ranks> appreciate the help With Google when you search for your page the
order of the pages is referred to as ranks. So if you are on page 5 of a
Google Search then that would be a lower rank than if you were on Page
1. It does take 4-6 weeks for Google to rank your site, but there are
things you can do to help increase that rank once they have found your
site. i wrote several post let month and i not think they appear in any
rank *last month They are published and public posts but don't appear
when i sear for that topic The site was created in May though is that
right? We do have some great sites that can help with Search Engine
Rank. And at the end of the chat you will be emailed a transcript so you
can see the links. You do have the Business Plan so you have access to
the SEO Tools. Here is a support page if you have not yet set them up:
We also have some other great support pages available that can help you
as well. And
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ ok thanks
! i will read these. Currently i am using the yoast seo would that
disable the functionality i get from wordpress seo Ok, they would have a
support page too so that you can have it configured to receive the best
results between the two what would you recommend? You can leave Yoast
set up that is fine. You will just want whichever you have installed to
be fully set up i will check yoast support as well Great and in the
meantime I hope you will find those pages helpful in creating your site
most favorable to Google :) yes i am sure You're welcome. If you have
any other questions along the way, feel free to come back to chat. :) I
am still very new to the blogging. I need to know how to create
superlinks. I am not even sure that I am using the right term. What I
want is to be able to suggest to a reader a link to a post that explains
something mentioned in the post he or she is reading. Perfectly
explained! This is how to do it: https://en.support.wordpress.com/links/
When you are on the editor, you can type the text that will be your
link, then select it and use the link tool to indicate where it will
point to. Does that all make sense? Sorry, but no, I don't get it Let's
say I mention something in a post. I want the reader to be able to click
on the word for clarification because there is a text regarding the
matter that I have created previously. I highlight and copy the word,
and? what do I do next? Then you click on the link tool on the editor
ok.... and then? Are you linking it another post on your site? I am not
at the moment but I need to be able to do it once I post a couple more
posts Ok, so once you click on the link button, there will be a pop up
and you can select the post you want to link it to. You have a visual
guide here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/links/ ok, great thank you
much what about tags? I need to know how to tag, so people find my blog
as they brows the internet You can add tags on your posts from the
editor, there is a section categories and tags on the right hand side it
talks about URL, does it mean I need to go to the page I want the reader
to jump to and copy the URL of that page to paste it into the editor? I
can't find it.... I can't find the editor for a post. I mean I see the
edit button, but it doesn't let me open it If the post is already
created on your site, you have an option when you are editing your link:
link to existing content and you can select your post Ok, let's do one
together step by step :) Please go to My Site -> Blog posts And click on
one of the posts to edit it Let me know when you are there Oh, silly me,
I didn't think of going to my site and that's why I couldn't do any
editing. Now I see how to edit. I am there, but I don't want to link
anything yet.... I do, however want to tag the posts... :-) That's
alright! You will get the hang of it! To tag your posts, you will see a
section on the right categories & tags yep... I just opened it and
scrolled to the tag window and simply typed what I think a reader might
type into search engine Is that it? I am going to read whatever you send
me about making good tags Yes, take a look at those articles, they
explain how SEO works at WordPress.com Your title and post content is
more important than your tags and your tags should be relevant to your
content got it. Thank you. You are welcome! and if you have any question
about it, we will be more than happy to help! Hello. I am trying to look
for my blog from a search engine and I can't seem to find it. I know
this sounds silly, but what is my blog address? I can't tell my friends
to check it out because I'm unsure of it. Thank you for your help! I'm
very new to this. https://singlikewildflowers.com/ Is that the site you
mean? :) Awesome! Okay, so send them to that address. As far as search
engines go, Google is super slow You can ask Google's search engine bot
to re-crawl your website, which can help changes to your website be
discovered faster:
https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/6065812?hl=en Additionally,
each time you publish a new post, we ping Google to read your site
again. The more you write and publish, the faster Google picks up on
your changes, and registers it. I get it. Thanks! There's also something
called 'search engine optimization' which can help search engines list
your site higher. I might read this guide:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/ If you
have any more questions about WordPress.com, please don't hesitate to
open another chat. We are happy to help! You do the same! How do I fix
the text previews that show up when someone Google's Jen Brady
Photography? That usually comes from a page excerpt What does it say?
Portraits. Processed with VSCO with a6 preset. Processed with ... \nPage
2 – Omaha, NE\nOmaha, NE. Menu. About · Portraits · Couples · Everything
...\nEverything Else\nEverything Else. Processed with VSCO with hb2
preset ...\nPortraits\nPortraits. Processed with VSCO with a6 preset.
Processed with ...\nCouples\nCouples. Processed with VSCO with a6
preset. Processed with ... If you're able to google it, it might show up
Yes I did google \Jen Brady Photography\, but I didn't see that Have you
added an excerpt to your Portraits page? Basically I don't have text on
the pages that show up on the preview. If I add text, will it
automatically update or do I need to \scrape\ it? I remember someone
helping me with that last summer. If you add text to the excerpt it will
show up on Google\nYou can make a social site 'scrape' again, but not
Google, that you just have to wait for Oops, I was just talking to
someone but I closed the window! Can you go in to edit the Portraits
page please? I can show you where the excerpt is Oh it's back! :) yep
i'm on the page for portraits On the right hand side, do you see page
settings? Great :) That will also be what shows when you share the page
to social sites Likewise the featured image you can set there Oh cool!
Under \excerpt\? You can set the 'featured image' in the same menu there
as the excerpt yes Perfect So when you google Jen Brady Photography what
came up for you? Is it different for everyone? I got a link to your home
page, with the site title and description. Yes, it's different for
everyone, based on your browsing history, preferences etc Ahhh ok thank
you so much for your help! You can check in an 'incognito' window or a
different browser if you're curious Hey, are you still there? How do I
change the line you DID see when you googled me? That's in My Sites >
Settings you'll see their Site Title and Description It's also in My
Sites > Customize > side identity I see site title and tagline but I
would like to change the \Portrait + Lifestyle + Couples Photographer |
Midwest \ line if possible! Sorry about that, I thought it was the
tagline section. The other place it may come from is your profile, under
https://wordpress.com/me No that's not it either... grr... this is what
someone helped me with last summer and then they showed me how to scrape
it so it would change on google Found it -
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/jenbradyphotography.com I hope
that makes sense! Ahh yes And then do you know how to \scrape\ it if i
do change it? Last time you were scraping for Facebook. We can do that
with the debugging tool, but with Google you have to wait for it to
crawl back around Ahhh yes got it And how do I do that scrape for
Facebook That one is here https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/
Thank you for all your help! I have recently updated my blog site to
business plan. Would like help with improving traffic to my blog/posts.
What are suggestions that you can give me on improving this? Hi there!
Let me just be a moment while I see what our suggestions might be. If
you're concerned about getting more viewership consistently creating
content is one of the ways search engines know your site is still live
and active. \n\nKeywords aren't as important as the content you create.
Any highly trafficked keywords you would want to use, write them in your
content. Keep your content focused and relevant to your site's
purpose.\n\nHere are a couple of other links about SEO and
WordPress.com:\n\nhttp://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/
\n\nhttp://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/
\n\nhttp://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/
\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/postaday/ebook-grow-traffic/ Thank
you. I will check these out. Regards Milanka You might also want to
expose your site on various social media services. We have a couple of
guides related to that as
well:\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/instagram/using-instagram-to-drive-traffic/\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/connect-a-google-page-to-your-blog/\n\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/grow-your-community/
That's all there is to it. I'm going to close this chat now and help out
with other requests, feel free to open another one if you need any
additional help. It's been nice talking with you. Thank you for the
information. Milanka Hi Support Team,\n\ni have a question to my page
urls in the google index.\n\nWhy is only this sites
indexed?\n\nhttps://konkretor.com/page/2/\n\nand not
\nhttps://konkretor.com/2017/05/26/varnish-example-config/\n\nplease
look at this\nsite:konkretor.com\n\nthx\n\nGregor Hi there! Let me be
just a moment while I look at your case. Yes i am here If you are busy
currently we can chat later when you are free I was unable to understand
your question accurately, I am sorry about that About main content.\n\nI
want to change the order in which the main content is displayed.\n\n1
Title\n2 images\n3 Text\n\nI want to do like this. You will need to ask
someone to edit the theme for you this may require custom development
you will need to ask someone to make a Child theme Can you please help
me setting up SEO for my site? I've upgraded to the Business Plan in
order to do it, but I don't know where to begin. Thanks! Hi! Thanks for
getting in touch. MIriam, SEO is a quite broad concept. I suggest you to
give you some links and explanations No.\nProbably not necessary.\n\nOn
the new posting page, first describe the title.\nThen insert the image
on the visual screen.\nText below it.\n\nThe display changes in this
order, is not it? and if you would like to have help with some specific
point I'll be glad to help you Does this make sense? (I mean, now or
when you have the doubt) :) That requires change in the PHP file of the
theme PHP file of the theme? I just wantt o be found in my local
community, so I want to write some search phrases somewhere, wher do I
start? I see your website might've accidentally gotten flagged by one of
our bots. Just one moment while I verify this. yes.. else you will have
to not use the featured image.. add the image in the content itself like
you have done for the first post for example, 'life coach Canberra' so
you will then have title, image and then post I'm going to give you
several links (Don't worry about these links: we will send you a chat
transcript once we finished and you will be able to check them :) To
explain how this works: Google's robots (and other search engines)
\crawl\ the web daily looking for new content. When they find a new
site, it takes a little while for it to be displayed properly when
searched for by people (it usually takes 4 to 6 weeks –even more- to add
new sites).\nWe have a document explaining how search engines work,
which I think could be useful for
you:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/ My site has been
in the air, or on the web, for years WordPress.com has great SEO out of
the box. All of our themes are optimized for search engines, so you
don't have to do anything extra. However, you can tweak these settings
if you'd like more advanced control. You could read more about what you
can do to optimize your site's SEO, here:
https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n Even if
this is not necessary for you, you could help to the process by
verifying your site in
Google\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/\nYou
can help search engines find you by submitting your new site to their
indexation services. Google for example has a tool called \Search
Console\ which allows you to submit your site:
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/\nYou have more details about
these tools here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ Let
me add this great link about SEO (not form WordPress.com but very
accurate and clear to understand how does this work)
https://moz.com/beginners-guide-to-seo Now, as you have a Business plan
we can go further. meaning? I'm finding the link :) Just a sec There are
some possibilities only available to Business plan users: thank you :-)
https://bintan2ch.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/???5555.jpg YOu can add
a meta description to your posts : this will be used on searchs I want
to make this shape.\n yes, that's what I mean WordPress.com already
creates a meta description, but sometimes you could like to 'adapt' it
to an specific post... can you help me with that without me having to
read everything first? you will need to do what i mentioned just now I
can. That's for sure remove featured image.. and add the image in the
content of the post Yya Yay LEt's go step by step. About meta
description for posts. This is automatically created, so there already
are meta descriptions sometimes it makes sense however to change it
through the title of the post, right? When you disable the recommended
image, the image at the lower left of the previous screenshot
disappears. We would not need to change the title, we can say this is an
excerpt to be used for search engines The example in this page is quite
talkative: Just checking if there is nothing else that might interfere
with indexing on your site. ( I mean in the support page) I will change
one article now.\nGive me time. Imagine you have a post (a recipe) Tell
me something.. By default the excerpt would be the first lines, but we
could change it to be how did you do it for the first image? 'try our
amazing xxx recipe: fresh, healthy and blue!' (I'm not so imaginative :)
sorry about that) my question is about why is google index only my tags
and not my topic no worries :) all clear so far And this excerpt could
be a good teaser to attract visits when displayed on search results can
i this influence by some settings? Do you see what I mean? yeas, but how
about the phrases, like 'life coach Canberra' that I would add
somewhere? so if someone needs a life coach in Canberra and would type
that in
https://bintan2ch.net/2017/06/12/%E3%80%90%E5%B0%8F%E5%87%BA%E6%81%B5%E4%BB%8B%E9%A8%92%E5%8B%95%E3%80%91%E6%AF%8D%E3%81%8Csns%E3%81%A7%E5%A8%98%E3%81%AE%E8%BF%91%E6%B3%81%E5%A0%B1%E5%91%8A%E3%81%97%E3%81%9F/
I see. I'm checking it for you right now :) But this will not be for an
individual post but more for the whole site, isn't it? that's right In
this case, MIriam, we need to put it in another site. I would say the
best place is the tagline Hmmm? did it. :)\n AWesome :) you can repeat
this for the other posts Not in SEO tools but in the 'Site Identity' tag
at your customizer thankx! But we can also change the title formats THis
is the way in which your posts are shown in search results. Again, this
has the aim to create a good teaser in search results ok I think I have
a lot to dive into for now, to understand everything better. Please give
me some time to do so, and I may come back with more questions tomorrow
If you take a look, you can see you can use title+tagline But sometimes
you would like to keep your tgline as it could be the case now... YOu
have 'Shining heart for life, leadership & performance' But... add the
Camberra mention to search results. You could use this section to do so
This is -and sorry if I was not clear- the reason for waht I insisted
you at the beginning to ask you to take alook to the descriptions I'm
glad to help you but sometimes (the most) these are personal decissions
As the most of SEP is assured by WordPress.com Anyway, let me give you
just a personal advice It has to do with the Camberra mention Your
business is 'restricted' to Camberra? but it's my new market because I
moved here Ah! ANd let me ask you... which is your current market?
Canberra, and the whole of the Australian Capital Territory my old
market was Sydney and the Netherlands OK, so for instance, for NL, you
can help people by phone/skype... or you mostly use presential 1:1 ?
Skype and telephone Got it. but I don't want new NL customers IN this
case, you are not going to use the website to attract people from
outside of the ACT. I want to build a name in Canberra So, you can add
this mention to your headline. Alright, so I just checked all the
available data about your blog, but it doesn't seem like any of the
settings on our end are causing this effect on your site. This is the
place where it would be more visible like how? Even not in search
engines, but for someone taking a look at your site true I love your
tagline. It's clear and interesting Shining heart for life, leadership &
performance As I told you I'm not very imaginative but... adding 'in
Canberra'? Shining heart for life, leadership & performance in Cam
yes.... :D I was going to say this thank you so far! As I told you this
is just a personal point of view I have to go now, and I will read the
information toningt and come back later And, if you take a look and you
have any doubt, please open a new chat We will be more than glad to have
you here on chat again! \n Is there any other thing we could help you
with now, MIriam? Anytime! Have a great one how will i get the links?
Ah! You'll have a transcript sent to miriam@miriamvankeulen.com once we
close the chat Awesome, thanks! ok, i can´t change it, right? So... see
you maybe later or tomorrow, Miriam See you soon And just to mention it
for the moment. If you feel you would need even more functionalities, we
can also explore some plugins like Yoast ok great! Heard good things
about them must go, bye! This means it's ultimately up to Google to
decide how to parse your site but don't worry, we have a number of
guides that should help you get the most out of your
content:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
It would also be a good idea to check out Google Search Console, it
you're using that, and see what it tells you. -
https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools thx for these links, i will
check it Other than that, we do offer advanced SEO Tools on our Business
plan - https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ - where you can
explicitly set the indexed title for each post. I think that covers it.
I'm going to close this chat now but please, feel free to start another
one if you have any further issues. Hi, I'd like to understand more
about upgrading my premium plan to the business plan to get SEO options,
but want to make sure my current site will transfer seamlessly. Yes when
you upgrade to a plan your content and customization will stay the same.
Everything will move over. What SEO support will we receive? Once you
are on the Business Plan if you decide you would like to activate the
ability to add plugins and install themes, there may be a chance that
you may loose a widget, but you are able to replace it with a similar
plugin. With the Business Plan you will then have access to SEO Tools
here: As well, you are able to install any SEO plugin that is compatible
with WordPress So if there is something you have heard great things
about that you would like to try, you have that ability as well. Ok, I'm
not overly technical so is it easy to activate? Also, will my upgrade my
ability to be seen and drive traffic? Adding plugins is fairly easy, but
if you would like to stay away from that and just keep it simple you
would still have access to our SEO Tools from that link I sent you
without installing anything extra. SEO Tools do allow you to increase
your traffic and rank. OK great, so if I upgrade now, what is the first
thing I should do to increase traffic ? We also have a great set of
support pages here that can help you to develop your site to be most
appealing to Google. When you upgrade your site you will want to follow
that support page on SEO Tools I sent you to set up the tools You will
also receive all of this info in a transcript when I close the chat. :)
So the links will be available to you. Right now if I write a blog about
5 things to do in Fiji, it doesn't show on google. If I upgrade, will it
come up? I have another question, if I change the theme of my site, will
all my information and content be brought across? If you upgrade it
still takes time for your rank to increase. I would recommend reading
over that material I sent you as it does give tips about how to have
Google recognize your posts. You can change your theme and your content
will stay. You may have to customize some widgets ,etc. But all of your
actual content will be there. Should I change my theme first or upgrade
first? I would suggest to change the theme first and then you can
upgrade and activate plugins, etc then if you choose. Great, thank you
:) You're welcome. If you have any other questions along the way, feel
free to come back to chat and we would be happy to help!
Hello.\nQuestions about the desktop version.\n\nCurrently, images and
URLs are displayed on the tab, but I want to change this. To which tab
are you referring to? I will send you a screenshot now.\nPlease wait a
little. https://bintan2ch.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/???7777.jpg
thanks, that is your site icon You can remove it from My site -> Button
'Customize' next to themes -> Site Identity -> Site Icon I changed the
icon.\nWhat I want to change is text.\nDo you know? Let me check your
SEO settings You can change it here:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/bintan2ch.net Where do I change
on this page?\n Which browser are you using? I don't see it from my side
If it is on the front page, you can try Front page Please look at my
site.\nChanges are complete.\n What would you like me to look at?
https://bintan2ch.net/ This? http://cld.wthms.co/Mwt5jw It is
perfect.\nThank you very much. You are most welcome! If you have other
questions, we will be here :) Https://bintan2ch.net/2017/06/13/% E3% 80%
90% E 9% 80% 9 F% E 5% A 0% B 1% E 3% 80% 91% E 5% 90% 9 B% E 3% 81 AE %
E 5% 9% A 3% E 7% 9 D% A 3% E 3% E 5% 90% 8% E 3% 81% AF% E 3% 80% 82% E
6% 96% B 0% E 6% B 5% B 7% E 8% AA% A 0% E 3% 81% 8% E 3% 81% 97% E 3%
81% 9 F% E 7% B 5% 90% E 6% 9 E% 9 C /% 80% 81% E 3% 82% 84% E
3%\n\nThere is a part where the image file is broken at the beginning of
this page.\nI want to fix this. I can't access that link, would you mind
copying it again?
https://bintan2ch.net/2017/06/13/%E3%80%90%E9%80%9F%E5%A0%B1%E3%80%91%E5%90%9B%E3%81%AE%E5%90%8D%E3%81%AF%E3%80%82%E6%96%B0%E6%B5%B7%E8%AA%A0%E7%9B%A3%E7%9D%A3%E3%80%81%E3%82%84%E3%82%89%E3%81%8B%E3%81%97%E3%81%9F%E7%B5%90%E6%9E%9C/
No worries! checking yes, looks like the path to the image is not
correct, could you try inserting it again? You can upload the image on
your site and then insert it again on the post
https://en.support.wordpress.com/add-media/ And if you have questions,
we will be here :) Add ads and advice on more followers\n Also, I would
like to be able to share my blogs (individually) but I don't see any
social media sharing icons below each blog. How do I get those on there?
I can start by helping you with the social media And then we will move
on to the other questions. :) You would like to add social media so that
if I were to visit your post I can share it to Facebook, Twitter etc is
that right? yes. I've added social media links on my side menu. But,
underneath each blog there is no share buttons Ok so if you could go to
your My Site - Sharing It looks like you have it set up here:
https://wordpress.com/sharing/buttons/bloggingforbecca.com Let me check
a post Okay. I believe i have it all set up but I still don't see the
sharing buttons below each blog. Is it the theme I'm using? I checked
this post here: https://bloggingforbecca.com/2017/06/22/sugar-this/ And
if you scroll to the bottom They are there. Yay!!! I saw that if I
upgrade my plan, I'll be able to put ads on my site? Also, any advice on
getting more followers and viewers without spending too much crazy $$?
Working as a teacher doesn't pay much Yes, you can apply on a Personal
Plan but you need a certain amount of traffic, etc. If you move to the
Premium Plan then you would have access to WordAds. Here is our FAQ site
for more info on WordAds: https://wordads.co/faq/ There are other ways
to increase your rank in Google and get followers though. We have some
great resources here: All sorts of information on how to create a site
that can be ranked higher in Google. You're welcome. At the end of the
chat you will get an email transcript with these links for a reference.
And you can also go to My Site - Plans to see other information on our
plans as well. You can also upgrade from that spot. perfect thanks for
your help! wish me luck! You're welcome. We are here if you have any
questions along the way! :) was muss ich machen das ich auf Google
gefunden werde? Hi there, I can use Google to translate your messages
and send my replies in English. Ok, thanks. So, do you want to know what
to do in order to find your site on Google? Ok, that will depend on a
lot of factors. I see that you have a Site Title and Tagline which is
required. In order to optimize the search results, you will need to add
more \text content\ to your pages. As your pages are heavily based on
Images, please make use of the Excerpt feature:
https://cloudup.com/cSnbRyMfLHl That is, add some description on every
page in the Excerpt box. Without content, it will be hard for Google and
visitors to find your site as there will not be a search term to look
for. That'd be my best recommendation. hängt es nur davon ab? It also
depends on the Title and the content. But I don't see content on your
pages, except the images. In this case, yes, Google will depend on your
pages content so it can show results. So, write the page description on
the Excerpt, and let's wait for Google to do the rest. ok danke Also,
please check this link: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ Hello, i
need a help Happy to help! When i search my site name on google, then
Title of my site is not displayed. Site
Title\ndeepeshphotography.com/\nIt is diaplayed like this Instead of
Title given by me, it shows \Site Title \, how to fix this ? I see. Let
me take a look at that! Ok, so you'd like it so \Site Title\ is gone
from the Google search, correct? I would like to have the text which i
put should come in place of \Site Title\. For example \A guide for
travelers and photographers\ Ah, yes just a few moments while I get some
info on that for you! Alright, it seems to be set up properly on your
site title field. I'm going to reach out to a teammate to see if there
are any other features we need to change on the WordPress end so that it
displays properly! Just to check, did you recently update the site
title? I updated site title yesterday, but still it is showing the
default text \Site Title\. Got it! It typically takes longer for Google
to populate that update. But you've set everything up on your WordPress
account to get that going! Here's a suggestion: it's possible that this
will make that process happen faster for you:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
I tried this step, but still having the same issue. Ok, that's good. But
this will speed up the process, but not immediately. It can take a few
weeks before that Google updates that. The issue from here is on
Google's end. Here at WordPress, you've done what you can to expedite
that! ok, thanks will wait for few days. Alright, it could take longer,
but the issue is simply on when it refreshes in Google. Hope that info
helped! :) Bonjour,\nJe voudrais que l'adresse de mon site soit
www.australexpertdassure.com, au lieu de
https://australexpertdassure.com actuellement.\nPouvez-vous m'indiquer
s'il faut modifier les entrées DNS, et comment?\nMerci à
vous\nCordialement\nM-Pierre Bonjour! We do not currently offer support
in French. I will use Google Translate to read your message
https://translate.google.com To help search engines properly index your
site, we automatically redirect http://www.australexpertdassure.com to
http://australexpertdassure.com Feel free to use either version on your
business cards or elsewhere. No worries. I was wondering how I could
customize my DNS entries so that my website URL goes
www.australexpertdassure.com instead of current
https://australexpertdassure.com We keep everything pointed to
australexpertdassure.com for better Search Engine Optimization, SEO
Either one still works, so it doesn't matter what people type in their
browser oh... I see... OK then. Another question please I previously
mapped my site with the domain aea-expertises.re Now that I've bought a
new domain, I'd like to stop the previous mapping and get a refund if
possible Okay, let me look at your subscriptions the email addresses
aea.serveaux@gmail.com and semaryp@gmail.com both belong to me Okay,
would you like me to cancel that subscription or just turn off the
autorenew feature We can just let it expire that way ok... it won't
conflict with the new domain? No, I just tried clicking it, and you
currently have it redirecting to your new domain indeed can you just
turn off the renewal then please Yes, one moment Okay, the renewal is
turned off but it will continue to work through May 2 of next year ok!
thanks for your help! You're welcome! Chat with us anytime! the search
engines will not allow me to claim my website as my property. Could I
get a few more details on your search engine situation? Do I still have
you there with me? :) Looks like I might've lost you. I'll send you an
email to follow up so we can help you out! :) Hey. I just got into a
strange problem. It's about Related Posts. On some of the blog posts,
the related posts doesn't appear Thanks for the info. It might be that
the feature couldn't find anything similar, but let's check this
together Can you please give me a direct link to a post with that
specific issue? Yeah even I thoought so
https://blog.evolvevapors.com/2016/10/07/vape-5-simple-ways-to-fight-bad-breath/
Link for one of the posts where related posts doesn't appear. Thanks.
Can you give me a moment while I check your site? It should take a
minute or two Well, that's interesting I'm seeing the related posts on
that post Let me show that for you. One second, please, while I upload a
screenshot. Here it is: https://cloudup.com/cESfOgZskZY sorry for the
delayed response let me check Sure, thanks. Yeah . It seems fine now. It
appears now. I don't know how. Might have been a temporary issue\n yeah
it seems so Would you like to let us know if it happens again? yeah sure
In the meantime, is there anything else I can do for you? yeah. Can you
help me know what amount we are paying to use this wordpress plan? And
what are the up gradation options? Currently, your purchases sum $112
You can check them all here: https://wordpress.com/purchases/ $112 per
year right ? what would be final purchases sum if I want to use business
plan ? Yep, per year! The final purchases sum would be of $312 $299 for
the Business plan + $13 for the mapping Actually, I see here that you
have both blog.evolvevapors.com and evolvevapors.com connected to your
site\n You'll need only evolvevapors.com for this case\n okay. So I can
remove one of them but that would only decrease the costing by $13
right? There is huge difference between pricing of the plans. Any
discounts code available? Exactly Indeed, there's a huge difference
since the Business plan offers you the ability to add custom plugins and
themes Let me check if we have some discounts here! And If I upgrade the
plan, I will be charged for the plan yearly right away? I mean $312
would be deducted at once If I upgrade? Yes, it will be all at once. But
you already got the Premium plan, so in the first year you'll be charged
$198 I also checked the currently you have a wrebsite here:
http://www.evolvevapors.com Will you keep this website hosted where it
is? yeah that's our main website. We have placed the link of the blog on
the website It's hosted on godaddy. But it's a shopify site Ok, thanks.
In this case then I assume you'd use blog.evolvevapors.com with
WordPress.com A note then: with the Business plan you'll be able to
install custom plugins and themes. However, the option is still not
available on subdomains (like blog.evolvevapors.com). It means that you
can have the Business plan on blog.evolvevapors.com, but custom plugins
or themes, for now, will not be accessible oh okay. That changes
everything then. Then why would I upgrade the plan ? It's a temporary
thing, I can guarantee, and our developers are working on it. But I
wanted to set some expectations first That's really nice of you
informing before hand. Any ideas how long that might take? I want
business plan so that I could install plugins. Does my scenario have any
other solution? We should have hosted the blog on wordpress.org I
believe . Then we wouldn't have faced such problem. Would I ? No ETA so
far, but our developers are working on it at this second. A workaround,
for now, would be to register a custom domain for you (something like
evolvevapors.blog, free of charge) With this custom domain you'll be
able to install plugins That means I have to change the blog url from
blog.evolvevapors.com to evolvevapors.blog right ? Exactly. During that
time, you'll be using evolvevapors.blog as the main domain for your blog
with us Do you think that this could be a reasonable approach? I am not
sure abt that. Our SEO guy wouldn't agree to change in url. would
evolvevapors.blog be considered sub domain by google ? No, it's a
different domain. But let me check that in terms of SEO Yeah.That's the
problem. How complicated do you think is to shift the same blog on
evolvevapors.com using wordpress.org? It's a little bit, in fact.
\n\nThe other version is self-hosted WordPress. We also refer to it as
WordPress.org.\n The WordPress software is open-source, so anyone can
take it and customize it.\n You download the software from
https://WordPress.org, then set up a site on your own. This is called
“self-hosting”. Self-hosting allows you to add just about any type of
functionality, but you’re responsible for your own installation,
maintenance, and security.\n That will take some knowledge of web
development, and you also won’t have access to the support we
offer.\n\n\n If you have a team with you, this might be easier Would all
the customization and everything be retained? But it's very sad to know
that I cannot install plugins on blog.evolvevapors.com No. Since it's a
different server, you'll need to export your content and import it to a
new plan Place* Also, you'll need to install your theme as well And if
the theme is premium, I have to buy it right ? Precisely. Thanks for all
the info. I also checked the SEO thing. New domains or new subdomais are
both new sites to search engines, so it doesn't really matter at
all.\n\n From what I checked, you can then later change the primary
domain of your site to blog.evolvevapors.com (while keeping the .blog
one registered) But blog.evolvevapors.com is already indexed on google
crawlers. evolvevapors.blog isn't . Got it No. I don't understand the
last part. You mean to say this is hack to do that. You mean my url will
still remain same and I can still install plugins , etc ? Yeah, that's
my idea. Just let me double-check it here :) yeah please. That will be
really helpful. Even if your site is already indexed, if you use a new
domain then redirect blog.evolvevapors.com to your new domain, Google
will understand that you changed your site address So it's the only way
you'll be able to have a site here with us with custom themes/plugins as
it do not accept subdomains yet what's the only way ?? I mean use a new
domain here, then redirect your subdomain to that new domain so you'll
be able to use our services as you want and search engines will
understand that the previous address now redirect to the new one,
indexing that new address okay I get it Your time has been really
helpful make my site show up in a Google search for Nancy Nicholson Hi
there! Let me take a look at your site :) also can a google search find
it with search words Providence piano teacher? who am I talking with? My
name is Jeff :) hi Jeff Okay, so I've searched google several ways for
your name, and piano lessons/teacher Providence, Nancy Nichols music,
etc. Nicholson, not Nichols. Nicholson, sorry I did copy and paste that
name into Google, just mis-typed right now I did find your profile at
the college where you teach, but not this site the Wordpress site site
is NLN Music Studio I did see there was one visitor to your website in
the past week who came from Google, but we weren't able to record what
they searched to find you So, how do I get that site to show up with the
searches you just used? But your website is the very first result for
NLN Music Studio, so that might be what it was likely told a student to
look at that site. but people looking for a teacher, or me by name
should be able to find that site without knowing exactly what it's
called. The first thing I would recommend is verifying your site with
Google It looks like you have a Gmail account, correct? is there a way
to add keywords, or something? yes. nlnpianist88@gmail Okay, so you have
a Google account. You'll need to login to your Google account for this
part The instructions for this process, with screenshots, are here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Do you want to go through that? I will be right here to help if you run
into any questions how long have you got? I won't be taking my lunch
break for at least another hour, so plenty of time :) is setting custom
dns records what I want? We can do that in this case, but it's easier to
click HTML Tag under Alternate Methods I seeiit, but it won't let me
select it Oh that's strange. It will let you select the custom DNS
records, though? OK I skipped logging in. will do that now. logged in -
now select a property? Yes, if Add a property isn't an option add - yes
OK I clicked Alternate methods, HTML tag and copied that long string,
now where does it go?
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/nlnpianist88.com Down toward the
bottom of the page you'll see a section for Site Verification Services
Jeff I lost our conversation got it back now Oh no! Were you able to
paste the tag? just pasted it Okay, so once you've saved it you can
click Verify in Google somehow, I got shuffled off into statistics On
your website or Google's? looked like NLN site Okay. Have you already
clicked the Verify button in Google? now verification failed Okay, let's
double-check that the HTML tag saved, then, at
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/nlnpianist88.com says I have
unsaved changes on this page Okay, scroll back down to the form where
you pasted the HTML tag and click Save Settings again got it save
settings was above where I pasted Yes, terrific! Let's try Google again
now verify succeeded am I done? We're finished with this for now Later
if you'd like you can log back in to here and look at how people are
searching and finding your site tried a google search for Nancy
Nicholson and found a fabric designer in the UK and the Roger Williams U
connection Yes. Do you know if your University will allow you to link to
your Studio website from your profile? A link like that would help raise
your studio's site in Google's rankings doubt it, and that association
may not continue much longer however if it is ok with them , how?
Preferably adding the link to the sentence \Currently, she operates her
own music studio in Providence.\ If possible, make \music studio in
Providence\ the link I don't have admin privileges at the U. Okay, yes,
you would need to have the rights to edit the page We'll try this and
see if I get to show up in google search now. Thanks. Okay. I had a
couple other suggestions; if you need to leave now would you like me to
email them to you? Hello\nI deleted my precious blog today because the
search engine kept showing those content and not the new website. How
ere still search engines show the older content. How do I delete those
displays? \nPlease help\nThanks You mean in Google search results? I am
not sure how to show updated information since its for slightly
different use Same name It takes some time until Google updates the
search results, it can take some weeks until Google searches for changes
in your site. OK so you suggest I just wait? Even some images pop up
that are now irrelevant Yes it will take some time until the search
results are updated, but it will be done automatically. OK thanks Google
also offers some tools for search engines, like Google Search
console\:\nhttps://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/4559176?hl=en
You can check it to see if it can help you update faster, but this goes
already outside our scope of support. Hey \nI can't update my profile
link .please help OK I will check that link Feel free to write back to
us if we can help you with anything else, and have a great day!\n Sorry
1 more question I was trying to fix the profile link bur I get a message
\can't be updatedone right now\ What do you mean with the profile link?
And what steps were you following? I amight not sure if it's possible to
send snapshots here You can upload them to the media of your site, and
I'll check them there :) OK OK . As a hidden page? no, to your media
folder Here: https://wordpress.com/media OK I am bit lost give me a
moment please It's in - my profile- profile links What site do you want
to add there? https://wordpress.com/me designospire.con Com Click on Add
site And select a WordPress.com site Yes now ok Hello! I'm currently
studying WordPress Learning the Fundamentals and have come to
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ I'm not clear on the function of
Custom Menus\n\If your theme already has a default/primary menu, you can
click on it to begin editing.\ What would I be editing? FYI: My purpose
here is to optimize SEO connections. Does this do that somehow Editing a
menu means that you can manage what links the menu of your website will
display to your users. As you're focusing on SEO, it would be better to
upgrade to our Business plan, which has more SEO features. I understand
the words, but not the concept. What is a menu? I understand the
function of links. I've created links to certain topics or names. but is
that the same as creating links to the website itself? There are some
screenshots about it here: https://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/ In
essence what I want is for people doing a search in say Radio Station
WHAT to find an easy connection to my blog in such a search. I have been
looking at that link. But I still don't understand. Again: what is a
menu? And, as above re links, please respond. Thank you You don't need
to add all existent pages to your website menu, but Google or other
search engines will be able to read them anyways. Open up your website
https://stationbreaks2bygordonspencer.blog/ Please, let me know when you
get there. OK. I'm there Can you see the Home link at the top right side
of your screen? Could you please send me a screenshot of it? Please,
upload that screenshot to your website's media library on My Site >
Media. Sorry. I have no idea what you mean. Is a screen shot via my
snipping tool? Where is \Media\? First, let's focus on the
screenshot.\nAs it depends on the system you are using on your computer,
it is necessary to follow this guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/make-a-screenshot/ Let me know when you
have made the screenshot, this way I can point you to the next step. I'm
sorry, This is getting more and more complicated. And I'd appreciate
answers to my questions as above: I have been looking at that link. But
I still don't understand. Again: what is a menu? And, as above re links,
please respond. You are supposed to have a menu on your website already.
Please, look at this screenshot I made from your
website:https://cldup.com/c9y4f9TVBF.png
https://cldup.com/c9y4f9TVBF.png There is an arrow pointing to the Home
item. The area where the Home item is displayed is a menu. Sorry. You
still have not answered my questions here and keep getting me even more
confused by adding complications. This is not working. Goodbye. Gordon,
I sent you a link where you will be able to see what a menu is.\nPlease,
open up this link and you will see what I'm explaining:
https://cldup.com/c9y4f9TVBF.png Hi, I am on Wordpress.org and I have
the personal plan. I want to install plug ins but I can't. Do I need to
transfer everything to Wordpress.org? That depends. Which plugins did
you want to use? Yoast I see. You would have to either upgrade to the
Business plan or change to a host like BlueHost to use that plugin
specifically. However, we have a lot of your SEO built in for you as-is,
and we have tips on how to further optimize your site for search
engines. All Yoast does is check if you've followed certain best
practices for you, and I can share those guidelines with you here if you
prefer not to upgrade or switch hosting. If I switch to blue host will I
have to switch to Wordpress.org as well? Yes, you will. It's a bit of a
process but do-able. You're welcome! We have a guide here if that's what
you choose to do:\n\nhttps://move.wordpress.com/ Also, we have info on
the built-in SEO here too: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/
WordPress.org comes with much less built-in SEO compared to what you've
enjoyed here so far - I want to make sure you knew that before diving
in! can you use amazon affiliate program with Wordpress.com You can use
it - with the plan you're on now, you'll want to find HTML only code or
basic links (without iframe or script items in it). For full-on ad
embeds, you would want our Business plan or WordPres.org though. are the
interfaces totally different? They are a bit different, and you will
have to handle quite a bit more with maintenance, seo, and security if
you make the switch. It's a learning curve, but certainly possible :)
Would there be any reason that Wordpress.com would delete my site and or
content. I know that is one thing some people are concerned with.\\ Humm
- no, we only do that if there's an egregious violation of our Terms of
Service like pornogrophy or threats to others. Otherwise, you're less
likely to lose your content with us than with WordPress.org, as there
people often install a not-so-good plugin that takes their site down,
and if they don't have a backup, they lose everything. that makes sense
how much is business plan a year? It's $299 / year. It also includes
more SEO options, a 1:1 session with someone here to get your site set
up, and unlimited space :) haha I don't want to spend that right now I
understand. You can certainly look into BlueHost as a host - they have
plans starting at a bit of a lower price :) this whole thing started
because I dan't get my feature image to show up on Facebook asa a
thumbnail LOL Hahah - one question can lead to a whole new world. Let me
know if you have other questions while you work on things :) yah do you
know how to get a feature image to show up on Facebook ? Oh I see - I
thought you had resolved that. I'm taking a look at your most recent
post to see what information I can find. Was it only on your most recent
post that it wouldn't show in Facebook, or has that happened for every
post? Did I lose you? I have no idea what I am doing I am pretty sure I
just bought a domain but I have no idea the next step
https://whispersofdomesticviolence.blog/ is up and working most recent
What's your next goal? sorry ok so whats nexr SEO plug ins You don't
need any plugins to manage your SEO here I would like my site to come up
in searches we do it all based on the content you create and build:
http://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ oh okay It can take a few weeks to
get listed, but the guides I linked have a ton of details on how to make
it as strong as possible Thanks for that info. I see some of your posts
don't have a featured image at all. For the most recent one, the image
is a bit small. such as using tags, categories, headings, etc oh okay
thanks Try uploading an image that's larger - maybe 800 px wide - to the
featured image setting. this works for blogs too Once you do, we can
resubmit it to Facebook and see if they showcase it differently. so why
the use of a domaine I do have to go now Okay. Would you like me to send
you the steps in an email? yah that would be great Domains are a way to
customize your site further you are right though - totally not necessary
for strong seo Super. I'l be in touch. I am trying to find the area
where I enter keywords or tags so people can find pr site if they search
... where do I do that ? Happy to help :) are you referring to Meta
tags? i think sdo ... so* Ok the good news is you do not need to add
anything at all :) WordPress.com does it all for you automatically great
- so when I try and search my site doesn't pop up at all ... This will
explain how SEO works for you. It takes time to climb to Google search
pages. It took mine months! okay .. thats such a bummer .. but thank you
It is frustrating but the more people who visit the faster it will climb
:) no thats it No problem have a great day :) Hello! I am still trying
to learn how to best use WordPress and have been studying and trying to
use “Learning the Fundamentals.” Now I am at the phase where I want to
see how and if I can use your SEO elements. Here’s what I need to
know.\nMy site, one solitary blog, is a long, still ongoing memoir. I
frequently write about my connections with musicians. (e.g. Duke
Ellington.) I want to maximize the possibility of people coming across
the blog when doing searches, such as looking up material (in this case
about Duke Ellington.) Two questions (1) is there a way to maximize
results in such a specific search? (2) How? Thank you\n I'm happy to
help! I have to pause for about one minute and will return You can
definitely help maximize your results. As you write, I would recommend
using categories and tags. These will help create metadata points that
search engines index and look for to help identify relevant content. No
problem. I'm going to provide a couple of links, and if you have any
other questions, just ask! The first is all about tags:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/posts/tags/ The second link is all
about SEO, and different ways you can improve yours here at
WordPress.com: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ OK. I have studied
SEO support document but find nothing that specifically addresses what I
want to do other than to say to make the writing interesting. As for
tags and categories I will study your tag element again. But what is not
clear is does that mean that I have to create a new tag for every
individual artist's name? Re categories how does that differ from tags.?
I like to talk about Categories and Tags as if it were a fashion blog.
You might have categories like Hats, Shirts, Dresses, Pants, and Shoes.
These could be applied based on what item or items you were talking
about. So a category in this case could be \jazz musicians\? Correct. So
let's say you have two posts, one about a red top hat, and the other a
red denim pair of pants. For the hat, you would add a category of Hats,
but then you might use tags 'top hat' and 'red'. Then with the pants,
the category would be Pants, and then you might do tags of 'red' and
'denim'. So yes, you would create a tag for each name that you are
wanting to highlight. Since there are so many, is that the only
alternative? Will one post be about all of them, or will you have posts
about different artists? My post is one ongoing memoir, Within it I
refer, at various pojnts along the way to connections to these artists.
The post is not about them; it is about my experiences. One of the
things I would recommend considering is actually to consider breaking
your posts into smaller chunks. This would allow for a few tags that
might be helpful. You don't want more than 15 or so categories and tags
for one post, so you would have that limit. So, you mean breaking my
memoir into, for example, separate chapters, each one a post? It would
also enable the posts to be more easily followed by your readers
(receiving regular, smaller bits at a time). I understand. At present
it's called \Station Break 2 by Gordon Spencer.\ So would I break it
into, let's say, \The Perfomances Begin,\ e.g. \Station Breaks 2 by
Gordon Spencer: The Perfomances Begin\? \Breaks\ Yup! Probably could go
with the shorter title even, since you have the site title on each
pagee. I don't understand. So the post title could be The Performances
Begin. It would show in meta as Station Breaks 2 by Gordon Spencer: The
Perfomances Begin Oh. I think I see. \Station Breaks 2 by Gordon
Spencer\ is the blog, a postwould be under it? OK. Now re tags and
categories. Suppose I wanted to name, say ten musicians in the same
tag.. Does that make any sense? No, you would want each name as a
separate tag. Otherwise it just ends up as noise, and will likely be
ignored by search engines. OK. Re categories, which I don't much
understand yet, if I had a category: \Jazz Musicians\ could that
accomodate many names? You can set a category description that would
include several, yes. You can see the different settings for that at:
https://wordpress.com/settings/writing/ Is there a valid limit which
would not be what you call noise? Over 15 combined tags/categories
usually classifies. Also tags that are more than one or two words long
will get ignored. I think you mean \under\ right? You will want to stay
under, yes. Sorry. OK. I need to study all this further. Now, re
creating links in my blog, they are only for the reader's reference,
right? I mean if I, say. put in a link to Duke Ellington, that doesn't
enhance the possibility of coming across my blog more readily? Not
directly, no. Having links to other legitimate sites, and links from
those sites back to you, can help with rankings. But it would only
really work within context, and links going out are not going to be
nearly as valuable as links in from other sites.. I'm sorry, I don't
fully understand. Let me word this differently. I put a link to Duke
Ellington in my story. But that link does not increase the possibility
of someone's search for Duke Ellington encountering my blog? Not
greatly, anyway. Not any more than just the name. Oops! What do you mean
not anymore than just the name\? Your site content is also part of your
SEO. So writing about it means it could show up in search. I think you
mean that given his name in the site/blog, it is possible someone might
come across the name in a search but it's not a big possibility. Yes?
OK. This is as far as I need to go for now. I need to study and think
about all this. You've been very helpful. Many thanks. Right! Goodbye
for now. Hi,\nI have added meta key through the tool
\nhttps://springsconsultants.com/wp-admin/tools.php\n\nbut when I enter
my webpage, I found that \nyour google analytic is missing tracking
ID\n\nIs there something wrong and can you fix it up? If you are trying
to implement Google analytics i suggest you do it using the method
described here http://en.support.wordpress.com/google-analytics/ you can
remove whatever you have done earlier I just want my webpage to be found
by Google. How can I let the Google find me ? i see your site is being
actively indexed by Google
https://monosnap.com/file/Az3TMSSC2zq2Zkg0zsQOT31Oq9j8Oq You can follow
the steps here to make it better though let me see it. thanks a lot Good
morning Apologies. No question as yet. I have a problem with my menu \n
Give me a moment to take a look at your site What seems to be the
problem with your menu? plastic eye doctor it is the main menu if you
look close I cant cluster more than 3 subtiles in one item like the one
??? ???? Are you talking about plastic-eye-dr.com or dr-salem.com ?
palstic eye doctor Do you want to create sub-menus? no I need to add
more items under one submenu unfortuantely the system will not allow
more than 3 subs Let me see if that's possible with this theme my
pleaasure :) Okay, I tested your theme and it only allows to create up
to 3 sub-menus one other thing I dont' know how to adjust the SEO
descreption in a way that will make google give my blog the right
introduction what is a Slug excerpt You can learn all about slugs here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/slugs/ and for excerpts here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/excerpts/ how to make the proper
discription on google search Basically, a slug is the portion of the URL
of the post or page that reffers to the title of your post or page Have
you gone through the SEO setup guide here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ ? I try to do my home work
now Have a look at this guide and if you have more questions you can
start a new chat window anytime :) is there a way that I can increase
the subtitles to accommodate more than 3 Unfortunately no. This theme is
designed that way Other themes offer more sub-menus and others less. ok
I will try to turn around it some other way Hello, I don´t know much
about SEO (just starting) and wanted to know why is my wordpress site
not found using google search engine. Can you help me with this? Search
engines use a lot of factors to determine site rankings However your
site is very new, and it takes search engines such as Google 4-6 weeks
or longer to index a new site Ok! Thanks a lot for the information We
also offer some advice for increasing traffic and other SEO items here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ Hola,
soy inexperto en esto y estoy creando una sencilla página pero no puedo
localizarla desde el buscador. Es decir, me aparece el editor pero
quiero que alguien externo la visite y no es posible.
(franciscoangelfoto.com) ¿Qué debe hacer? Gracias. ¡Hola! Gracias por
contactarnos. Ok, si pinchas en https://franciscoangelfoto.com/ la ves y
si la compartes en Facebook, Twitter, en un email o en redes sociales,
funciona, ¿no? Pero no está indexada en google, es esto? Sí Ok, esto es
normal porque tu site acaba de crearse y google en realidad no busca en
internet, sino que cusca en su base dedatos Y tu site aún no está en su
base de datos WordPress.com manda notificaciones a Google con cada
actualización de entradas y páginas. Pero cada motor de búsqueda puede
tomarse típicamente de 4 a 6 semanas -pero puede ser incluso más- para
añadir sitios nuevos. Tienes una lista de preguntas y respuestas acerca
de como funcionan los buscadores
aquí:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/search-engines/\nPor el momento
esta página sólo está disponible en inglés, pero quizás te interese
ojear una versión hecha con traducción automática (recuerda que las
traducciones automáticas pueden contener algunos errores),
aqui:\nhttps://translate.google.com/translate?hl==en=es=https%3A%2F%2Fen.support.wordpress.com%2Fsearch-engines%2F=1\nWordPress.com
tiene una fantástica SEO lista para usarse. Todos nuestros temas están
optimizados para los motores de búsqueda, por lo que no tienes que hacer
nada más. Sin embargo, puedes modificar esta configuración si quieres
obtener un control más avanzado. Puedes obtener más información sobre lo
que puedes hacer para optimizar la SEO de tu sitio,
aquí:\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\nTraducción
automática:\nhttps://translate.google.com/translate?hl==en=es=https://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\n\nPuede
ayudarte a acelerar este proceso el verificar tu sitio a través de la
consola de búsqueda de Google (aunque no es necesario). Para ello es
posible que te sea útil esta guía paso a paso con capturas de
pantalla:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/verifying-your-domain-with-google/\nTraducción
automática:\nhttps://translate.google.com/translate?hl==en=es=https%3A%2F%2Fen.support.wordpress.com%2Fverifying-your-domain-with-google%2F\n\nTambién
tenemos disponibles instrucciones sobre este SEO para Google, Yandex,
Pinterest y Bing en esta página de
soporte:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/\nTraducción
automática:\nhttps://translate.google.com/translate?hl==en=es=https%3A%2F%2Fen.support.wordpress.com%2Fwebmaster-tools%2F\n\nPor
último tienes disponible una consola SEO (Optimización de motores de
búsqueda) en tu cuenta WordPress.com, en tu menú de Ajustes y luego
seleccionando la pestaña SEO. O también puedes utilizar directamente
este enlace:\nhttps://wordpress.com/settings/seo/\n\nSi lo que necesitas
es toda la potencia de la SEO, hay un upgrade disponible con las cuentas
Business que añadiría más posibilidades a tu site y que tenemos
explicado aquí:\nhttps://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/\n\nY puede
que también te sea útil una guía general externa a WordPress.com que
trata varios de estos temas desde una perspectiva más global, para
lograr una comprensión holística de cómo funcionan los motores de
búsqueda.\nhttps://moz.com/beginners-guide-to-seo\n (No te preocupes por
los links, porque ahora te mandamos una tanscripción del chat y los
puedes consultar más despacio) Pero la idea es eso, que Google tarda
unas 4-6 semanas en 'anotar' los sites nuevos Ok, sin embargo, desde mi
ordenador, cuando tecleo franciscoangelfoto.com se me abre en tipo de
editor. ¿Es solo en mi ordenador? En mi móvil ocurre lo mismo, ¿Será
porque tengo la aplicación Wordpress? Como ves soy bastante inexperto.
Eso es. Si estás logeado en WordPress detecta que es tu site. Y te lo
abre para que edites, pero a tus visitantes esto no les ocurre Ok, pues
muchas gracias. ¿Te puedo ayudar con alguna otra cosa? De momento eso es
lo que más me preocupaba. Gracias. No dudes en abrir otro chat cada vez
que lo necesites. Estaremos encantados de echarte una mano How do I
title my pages to show in SEO? I can't find anywhere to title pages.
Example, I want the page on the website to be title ABOUT, but I want to
have it listed as chicago wedding photography, as an example. No one is
going to search for ABOUT. thanks.\nSteve looking on where to title
pages for SEO I'd recommend that you change the Page title here:
https://wordpress.com/page/steverotter.com/3 from About to \About your
Chicago wedding photographer\ And then in your navigational menu we can
customize the page title to just be \About\ but if i do that, the title
will be really long in the menu bar and will not look clean We can edit
the navigational menu. I can walk you through that after you update the
Page title :) ok, sorry, i will have to look at the navigational menu
can i do that now without losing you on chat? Yes you can ok so i
clicked on that link and i'm at the about page where do i change
something for seo page attributes?\ That is for the meta description,
you'll need to edit the Page title that currently says \About\ since
we're changing the name of the page ok i will go to the photography page
for this ok i'm on the photography page steverotter.com/photography so i
change the word photography to a phrase? Yes, to a short phrase :) i
think i'm doing this wrong. i changed the word at the top of the page
from PHOTOGRAPHY to Chicago wedding and band photography, then clicked
UPDATE....and it is still steverotter.com/photography I don't think the
page name will change if i change the top text on the actual page maybe
i'm in the wrong area. It will, we're working on that next :) So to edit
the Permalink where it currently says \Photography\ you can update that
here: https://wordpress.com/page/steverotter.com/305 it's right under
the page title. You can click there to update the permalink Once that is
complete, we can move to your navigational menu i'm confused. i click
the thing that looks like a link? ok i did that. ok, i think i renamed
the top text for no reason. that was an unneeded step. i think all i
need to do is click the permalink and rename that, correct? If you're
interested in SEO, one of the biggest factors is your page title So I do
recommend that it is kinda descriptive, but it's completely up to you I
need to do all I can for great SEO so right now i'm on the recording
studio page. it's just called recording studio. i'm going to change the
permalink to chicago recording studio....and then what....change the
page title as well? for great seo? Yes, that's a great start ok, so then
is the last remaining part changing the menu to just say RECORDING
STUDIO? Correct, so to do that let's go to the Customizer:
https://wordpress.com/customize Please click Menus > PRIMARY MENU Click
on for example Recording Studio Under Navigational Label, start typing
what you'd like the menu to say ok that's very cool i had no idea you're
awesome did you say there was somewhere else for seo? meta data? In the
right hand column under SEO is the meta description for that specific
page or post i have no idea what title attribute and css classes are
Which is the description that will show in the search engines so i'm not
in the customizer anymore for this? Correct, that's back when editing
the specific page or post there is no SEO section there is just status,
featured image, page attributes, sharing and more options Ah, I
apologize the SEO section only displays on sites with the Business
upgrade, they have a few additional SEO customizations DAMN! so this is
all i have then will the words on each page show up in seo meaning, the
words / text on each page Yes, the first sentence or two on each Post or
Page will be the meta description. do you think that is good enough? i
have thought about the business upgrade but not sure if i can justify it
yet. It's a great starting point! Not a lot of sites need to customize
it further, you can with the Business plan so my premium plan is good
enough? Yes it is :) quick question....if i have a photo at the top of
the page and text under the photo, will that hurt the seo? should i have
the text first and then the photo under all the text? i wanted to start
a page out with a photo at the top. No it's okay if you have the photo
first :) ok thanks, this was a huge help. I also recommend reading this
article:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
It goes a bit more indepth into what we worked on today :) i have a
couple more questions but this will hold me over for now. Sounds great.
Well let us know when we can help further! ?end How come nothing related
to this site shows up on google.com, when i search Chicago Cuba
Coalition or other tab names in the website? We automatically send
notifications to Google with every post and page update. But Google and
other search engines can take 4-6 weeks or more to add any new sites. I
see that you created your site only about a week ago. So it takes some
more time for Google to find and index your site. Also note that, there
are many other things Google uses to rank the sites. so you think in
about 4-6 weeks, the website and contents of it will start showing up on
google, if people do random searches related to this topic on our site?
because absolutely nothing show up... 4-6 weeks + it also depends on how
Google ranks your content over other popular sites. We already take care
of 80-90% of SEO mechanics for all the sites on WordPress.com. \n oh wow
okay interesting thanks for answering and sharing Note that there is a
lot of competition for the top slot in the Google search results :)
Every site wants to be ranked at the top. Not to discourage you, but
just saying it is a bit tricky. yeah, so it depends on how many users
come to the page which helps rank the site higher? so to help it rank
higher-- those links are explaining that? Also check this webinar about
SEO: https://youtu.be/FU7uxbngrq4 oh wow ok this is really all good to
know This webinar is aimed at the sites on the Business plan. But you
will find lot of tips that you can use on your site too. ok thats really
helpful thanks a lot no thats it, thanks! you too, bye! Hi, we´d like to
upload a google verification file to the site, where do we find the ftp
access information? Good morning :-) There's no FTP access for
WordPress.com sites. But you can verify your site with Google. Ok how do
I do that Give me a moment to pull the guide search There you go:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
How to verify your WordPress.com site with Google' Ok, great. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything esle? No this was great. Thank you If you
need to reach us again, use the chat box. voglio trovare il mio sito da
google ma non si riesce, come posso indicizzarlo? Hello! We're currently
providing support in English, Portuguese and Spanish , so I'll use
Google translate in order to understand you and I'll reply in English :)
I understand you'd like your site to be indexed in Google, is that
correct? si, me gustaria que si busco mi pagina en google en los
resultados salga, yo mejoraba los textos con SEO pero creo que en el
plano que utilize para mi pagina no esta incluido.. hay alguna manera
para mejorar mi pagina desde ese punto de vista? Gracias Déjame mirar :)
Google no indexa (hace visible tu blog) inmediatamente, hay que esperar
a que el buscador decida pasarse por tu sitio (normalmente puede tardar
desde varias semanas hasta 1 mes), por lo que aunque cambies las
visibilidad de tu sitio, el cambio no será instantáneo. Además, tu sitio
es bastante nuevo, por lo que debes seguir publicando contenido de
calidad y ser constante Puedes encontrar más información relevante en el
siguiente link: https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo/ o buscar
información sobre SEO (Search Engine Optimization), además de mirar las
opciones sobre SEO que WordPress trae por defecto y que puedes encontrar
en el panel de administración de tu sitio si vas a Configurar > Opciones
> SEO. Escalar posiciones en Google o cualquier otro buscador requerirá
de una buena dosis de paciencia y contenido de calidad regularmente,
aquí puedes ver más información sobre esto:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/getting-more-views-and-traffic/ ok!
muchas gracias! De nada! Que tengas un buen día, y para cualquier otra
cosa no dudes en contactar con nosotros de nuevo!\n clro que si, buen
dìa! Hi!\n\nHow can personalise the SEO text that appears in Google
search when someone looks up my website?\n\nThanks in advance for your
help. When you search your site in Google, does it find your site or a
page currently? When I search your site, the first line I see under your
site. \Volna offre aux entrepreneurs surmenés des solutions sur-mesure
afin qu'ils \ Is that content from the past? Good morning. Do you have
any recommendations on plug-ins that would allow me to insert \related
articles\ photo and description in my posts? That feature is already
present by default. You don't need an extra plugin, just activate it.
How? It was there and then went away when I started adding other plug
ins. Yes, it changes the place to set it up. Let me confimr it where
they are now. Just a moment. I have sent you a follow up through email.
If you are able to reply or come back to chat we would be happy to help!
Thanks\n Oh, sorry for the delay:
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/intheknowcycling.com They weren't
moved indeed. I did a confusion. Sorry. You may activate them in that
link I sent above. Done. thanks For an encore, how about a \follow\ pop
up? Where do I find that one? You may add the Subscriptions widget
Sorry, I was on the phone. or a text widget with a WordPress.com follow
button in it. Do you know how to add widgets, please? I've got that
widget. Yes. I have a couple dozen widgets on my site When you look up
volna.be on Google. I was hoping to find a plug-in that had a follow pop
up similar to the one that I used to have at the bottom when readers
were viewing my posts That one went away when I added plug-ins The title
of the website says \Ceci est votre page d'accueil\ (this is your
homepage) So now, in addition to the subscription widget which isn't
visible when people scroll past it, I'm lookin for one that stays on the
screen like the one you used to provide Instead of \Volna | gestion de
communication\ In the footer of your site, you mean? Not sure if it's
the footer exactly but it would stay in that area as the reader scrolled
down or up. Also the sentence in the description(\Volna offre aux
entrepreneurs surmenés des solutions sur-mesure afin qu'ils\) below the
title is cut in the middle of it. I see. Yes, that one isn't available
and the options I gave you are the only ones now. I'll make sure to pass
your feedback to our developers to restore that follow b.utton You're
not the only person who has missed it. It's a technical issue that is
preventing them to appear when you install plugins or themes We are
already aware of it. Thanks for your feedback. The description should be
\Volna offre aux entrepreneurs surmenés des services de communication
sur-mesure pour qu’ils puissent se concentrer sur ce qui leur tient à
cœur.\ Sure. I see several plug-ins to replace it but wondered if anyone
had experience with them to know which was closest in functionality to
the one you used to provide? There isn't one to be honest because that
feature is exclusive to WordPress.com So we must to provide a solution
for you to replace it. Any idea when that will happen? Is it somewhere
on a long list that will happen in months or a high priority that will
happen in days? It's not a high priority, but that will depend also on
user's feedback. I'm making sure to collect them all to make it happen
sooner rather than later. Thanks. In the meantime, I'll try one of the
plug-ins So, we don't completely control that It depends on Google
itself to update their system. Even the title of the website? Do you
already have an account with their webmasters tool? Yep, even that,
Please do! All set. Thanks No, I don't. So this means it will get
updated, at some point, once Google refreshes its content? Same for the
description? Sorry to instit, I just want to make sure I understood
properly. Yes, that's correct. No worries. The reason why I have asked
if you have a Webmaster account with Google is because it may help you.
They have tools that will help your site appear in their search results.
Ok. Good. I'll check the tools and see if I can make that process
faster. Thanks for your help! Here's a support documentation to help
there: Are you all set now? May I end this one? Yes, thanks a lot! Hi,
can I still get insert polldaddy polls with my Business platform? I
don't see it on the dashboard anymore Hi, yes that is still an option,
but there are a couple steps to enable it I'll send you a link to the
next step thanks. There is currently a conflict with Polldaddy and we're
working to resolve it. I can send you an email once this issue is
resolved. Bummer. Please do. Sure, I'll let you know as soon as we fix
this issue. In the meantime, if you have any other questions, please let
us know. Hi, \n\nWhat is the SEO plugin that works best? My client said
she had an SEO plugin with wordpress.com before I moved her over to SEO
by yoast and now she wants it moved back. WordPress.com has SEO built-in
to it, no specific plugin, but some settings at
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/luxcarelifestyle.com \n so if you
disable Yoast, then the site will fall back on the built-in
WordPress.com SEO How do I edit SEO once it is disabled? SEO will be
controlled here
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/luxcarelifestyle.com, and then
WordPress.com automatically sends all the site's information to Google
What were you trying to edit in particular? specific pages seo like
adding in keywords, taglines, meta tags, etc I see, each post and pages
will have an option in the editor to customize that. All the SEO options
are laid out on https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/ in SEO
description, see
https://en.support.wordpress.com/seo-tools/#custom-post-meta-description
For some reason I can't find how to change custom post meta description
For example, on a post like
https://wordpress.com/post/luxcarelifestyle.com/11971, it'll be on the
sidebar, see http://d.pr/i/xHHQn Is their a way to specify a keyword?
No, there's no setting for that. ok\\ Did you have other questions I can
help with? It looks like you're away, I'm ending this chat to help the
next person, but feel free to chat with us again if you need help.
Thanks!\n Hi can you tell me how to make our site easy for people to
find when they search for us please. Our site is GDWE which stands for
Great Doddington, Wilby and Ecton and these are the words people use
when searching for us.\nMany Thanks,\nJackie Give me a moment to have a
look at your site First I want you to know that all the sites hosted
here are very search friendly by default. That's fine, not complaining!
You have to make sure that all the keywords you mentioned before are
included in your site Ok would having them in the name be best? Google
search the whole site. But having in the title will be much better
There's another trick we can do. We can add the site to Google's index
Ok, what does that involve? Here is the step-by-step guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
This will make Google aware of your site. Ok thank you. I will try that
and also try adding the words to the title of our site. Thanks that's
great. Have a lovely day. Hello, How to add the keywords to my site? Do
you mean to improve your site's ranking with Google and other search
engines? You can research the keywords using the techniques mentioned in
this guide:
https://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/07/07/grow-traffic-keyword-research/
You can then add your keywords to posts and pages. We already take care
of 80-90% of SEO mechanics for all the sites on WordPress.com. I try, I
loved wordpress. Best regards from Albania:) Here are some little things
you can do to improve your site's ranking with
Google:\n\nhttps://en.blog.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/seo-on-wordpress-com/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2013/04/11/seo-and-your-blog/\n\nhttps://dailypost.wordpress.com/2016/03/10/six-seo-factors-you-should-know/
You will get a transcript of our chat in your email
kwateryksamil@gmail.com, with links to everything we have discussed here
today. This my first website but I will try do this things. Thank you
very much! All the very best :) As you are new to WordPress.com, you
might be interested in the step-by-step guide to all things
WordPress.com: https://learn.wordpress.com/\n\nYou can find more details
in our support documentation: https://support.wordpress.com/\n\nThere we
have guides on getting started (https://support.wordpress.com/start) ,
writing your first post (https://support.wordpress.com/create) , and
finding your readers (https://en.support.wordpress.com/connect/). Thank
you for more details, Wordpress is great becouse good people work there.
Thank you one more time:) Thank you:) See you:) I want to verify my
website with google webmaster, but am having difficulty uploading the
html file Google have requested to do this as WordPress is telling me
the file is not supported? There's an alternative method to verify with
Google that doesn't require an HTML file. Here is the step by step
guide:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Ah brilliant. Thank you very much! I was also looking into submitting an
XML sitemap, is that possible without being on the Business plan? If you
verify your site with Google then you can add your sitemap to Google.
You can read more here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/#xml-sitemaps-for-search-engines
Brilliant. Sorry to have bothered you when I could have found these by
searching No problem! It's always a pleasure :) Well thanks very much,
have a great day All the support docs are located here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/ Hi, do post tags matter in Google
ranks or searches or they only for being found by other bloggers the
Wordpress reader? Google no longer uses tags as a way to rank your site.
The main purpose of them would be to drive traffic using the Reader
(since tags are searchable there) great. thanks Hi, we receive a lot of
traffic from Google but I notice a lot of sites also gain a lot of
traffic from Google UK, Google CA etc. We don't get much traffic from
those at all. Do we need to submit a site map for each of those? I'll be
happy to help you today! As far as I can tell you don't have to submit a
sitemap to get the traffic but it sure doesn't hurt. I'm not sure how to
submit a site map to Google UK. I couldn't find a link. One moment...
let me see if I can find you one. We have this information about
sitemaps in our support pages:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/ Please look over that while I
see about a link. Sure thing Awesome! Be right back. Still looking for
the link. I am not finding one. I am going to ask a coworker if they
know. Still looking, but it is looking like you may need to search this
out in Google support pages for Search console here:
https://support.google.com/webmasters?hl=en#topic=3309469 Yup You should
be able to get the info you are looking for at this link:
https://support.google.com/webmasters?hl=en#topic=3309469 Okay will do.
What kind of sitemap is this? \n
https://creation827.wordpress.com/news-sitemap.xml Hey there! Happy to
check into that for you. Where did that .xml come from?
https://wordpress.com/settings/traffic/creation827.wordpress.com Ok,
thanks! So that sitemap is related to SEO functionality. There are some
more details on that here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/sitemaps/#xml-sitemaps-for-search-engines
It looks like two of them are notified to the search engines. Right, so
SEO refers to search engine optimization, so those sitemaps help to make
your site more searchable! OK, thanks. So you don't need to remove them.
Great, glad you're all set! Let us know if you need more help at a later
time! :) Thanks again. Hi there, I'm wanting to update my SEO for my
website so it shows up properly in google, how am I to edit this please?
I want my website to show when people type in s in google I would like
to share two articles with you .. first one on how you can do SEO .. and
the second one on some special tools you have as a Business Plan user
The first one is right here and the tools to do SEO is right here
Perfect thank you! Also I see some websites come up first in my area
e.g. Auckland New Zealand so if I type in spray tanning auckland, is
there any way for my website to come up? Or is that something I have to
discuss with Google? You can try - Google My Business and link it with
your website this will specifically help you with local business leads
Apart from that the process of SEO overall is very elaborate, hence i
shared the resources for you to go through and implement on your site
okay thank you so much for your help Hi I wish to delete my Wordpress
account and associated website please can you help? HI there I'm happy
to look at this with you. Let me pull up your account and see how things
are set Well, if I am right, you have lots of upgrades on this account.
We will need to remove them (maybe you prefer to transfer them to
another account?) Yes I would like to remove all mu upgrades too please
One of them is a domain name Once a domain is canceled, it won’t be
released back to the public for a few days. After that, it would be
available to be registered by anyone else and it could not be possible
to recover it if you change your mind or you want it later.
(en.support.wordpress.com/cancel-domain/) Is it ok for you? Ok sounds
good. Give me just a couple moments and I'll get anything removed from
your accout to allow you to go on with the account deletion perfect
thanks Ok, Jonathan, It's done Now you can go on following this guide
http://en.support.wordpress.com/deleting-accounts/ Anytime No I will go
ahead and delete the website and my Wordpress account. Thanks for your
help. My pleaseure You too, goodbye Hi please can you check that I have
deleted everything I need to in order to close my Wordpress account and
delete my website? Change my Domain name?\n Sorry, I thought I was in
the chat line I was wondering if I could make the most use of SEO No
problem, you would like to change your domain name, is that correct? Did
you already register a the new domain? I am a business plan subscriber,
will it cost me again to change the domain name? I have not registered a
new domain Just wondering if I can change it Do you want to keep the
other domain or cancel it? I just want to know if it will cost me I am
happy with the present name It's not possible to change a domain name
after the registration. I can cancel your current domain so you will be
able to register a new one for free. it's ok let's keep this name But if
you would like to keep the domain you would have to pay for the
registration. Can you suggest me how to make my website be more
searchable using SEO? I have only Yoast SEO plugin at the moment Sure,
please check the link below: You will find the links articles related to
SEO and how to make search engines love your content :) Thank you so
much I will go thru ur link and get back to you again if i need further
assistance You're welcome. That sounds great! Enjoy your day! Happy 4th
of July! Same to you! Is there anyone? Hi there! Were you having trouble
talking to someone? Just want to know how to make use of SEO Okay, is
there something specific you're looking to learn? I have referred a
number of links which the Support Chat team has sent. Since I am new to
Wordpress, I am breaking my head What the best way to get more traffic
by using an SEO Plugin? apart from using Yoast, which is the second best
for Wordpress? Besides Yoast, the other one we recommend is All in One
SEO Pack https://wordpress.com/plugins/all-in-one-seo-pack What does the
SEO Title really do? And, is it advisable to have the same \words\ in
SEO Title and \Focus Word\? Let me see if I can find it in their
documentation; I have not personally used this plugin That will save me
a lot of work Thanks a lot Looking at this it says you should use the
titles: https://semperplugins.com/documentation/quick-start-guide/ Here
are more specifics on Titles:
https://semperplugins.com/documentation/title-settings/ What does a slug
exactly do The slug is the part of the title that shows up in the
address bar Do I need specify? So for example, in
https://innkuan.net/2017/06/27/first-blog-post/ The slug is
first-blog-post You can specify it for a post or page, but by default it
will go off the title In most cases that is fine Is Google console only
for Google search engine? If the Google console is part of this plugin
then I suspect it is specifically for Google How can I verify my website
for Bing Webmaster Center Pinterest Site Verification and
Yandex.Webmaster Those can be done in settings, one moment while I get
the document with instructions for each of them I have done for Google
Search Console\n\n Oh, I understand your Google Console question from
before now; I think I misunderstood you Please take your time
Instructions for all the services are here:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/ I didn't phrase
correctlu #correctly You will need an account for each of the ones to
verify (Bing, Pinterest, Yandex) Oh They are all free, though What's the
advantage of Verification? More traffice? #traffic? That's the goal
WordPress.com takes care of indexing your site and all of the necessary
SEO for you without your having to do anything at all (other than blog)!
Just read this .... From the link you sent me Yes. We already do a lot
of optimizations. Anything else would be just tweaks you might feel are
necessary for your site I have a problem with Updraft plugin My
\restore\ option doesn't work Hmm, let me look it up it's working now
Oh, okay Sorry, I didn't update the page I newly edited My bad Please
can you guide me on how to use the \Paypal Donation\ plugin? I want to
add it as a \Footer\ in every page. I am able to go to the option, but,
when it comes to the \Add New\ button, I am unable to proceed further.
No disrespect, there is a glitch in the Wordpress plugins! Not so
user-friendly (for non-techies).....just a suggestion Okay, yes the
PayPal donations can be a little tricky to setup sometimes Have you
gotten the code for your button following these steps?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/get-paypal-button-code/ Working
on it Once you have it let me know and we'll move forward from there
Please can you check this URL
https://innkuan.net/wp-admin/admin.php?page=wpedon_settings This is the
settings I have made I just want to use a Widget, but facing a small
problem What is the problem you're facing? Hi! I just installed Yoast
SEO, but when I go in to edit a post, I don't see it anywhere. Can you
tell me how to access it from within a post? Customizing the Widget
(Footer widget) I want to add \Paypal Donation\ in the footer
https://innkuan.net/wp-admin/customize.php?autofocus%5Bpanel%5D=nav_menus_uuid=94e66163-3063-4070-819c-20752294ab28
Hey there! Happy to take a look into that. There are two options \Use
existing buttons\ and \Create new button\ Create New Button is the
option inside PayPal? Or you're seeing this option in the Customizer? M
seeing in the Customizer Once I click the \use existing button\, I'm
directed to this link
https://innkuan.net/wp-admin/admin.php?page=wpedon_buttons Just to
clarify, you just downloaded Yoast, correct? I clicked \Install\
anyhow... does it need to be installed on my physical computer? Alright
and are you accessing this from establishedinbeing.com/wp-admin? Ok! If
you have it installed, you should be all set. Taking a look from our end
to see how that's displaying for you. What do you mean \from our end?\
And does it need to be installed on my physical computer, or does it
just get installed on the site? I have a chromebook, so I'm not sure if
I can download and install an actual program. I don't think I can. Oh, I
see, you mean you're taking a look. I misunderstood:-) Alright let's
test this... If you head to this post, for example
(https://creativeunblocking.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=10792=edit), and
scroll down, there is a field to edit Yoast SEO. Do you see that? If
it's installed on the site, then you're all set. I will be very grateful
if you could create a simple \Donate with Paypal\ button using the
Widget in the Footer with basic fields required; if it is not too much
for me to ask. Oh, I see. So I need to use that version of the editor
then? I have been stuck at this for two days now Correct, that'l be the
best way to go about it :) *that'll Gotcha. Thanks! Of course! Happy to
help. Can you give me the donation link PayPal has given you here? Are
you going to use Widget? This is from the WP Admin option Using the
widget, please follow this link:
https://innkuan.net/wp-admin/customize.php?autofocus%5Bpanel%5D=nav_menus
Which widget have you been trying to use? Paypal Donation Sure, let me
take a look at your site settings. Please save me Surely! :) Thank you
so mucj much# I understand your confusion! You have added PayPal
Donation plugin to your site. But you don't need that plugin to add a
Paypal button. All you want is a Paypal button in the footer, right?
Yes, I don't need that plugin to add a button I just want a Donate with
Paypal Button in the footer Sorry for the late reply Network
fluctuation....... I suppose you already have a Paypal account, don't
you? I have Can you open a new browser tab and login to your Paypal
account? dpme done# Can you open another browser tab and open
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_button-management Now we will
generate the button code. You just completed the Step 2 of
https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/get-paypal-button-code/ Follow
rest of the steps and let me know once you reach step 7. sorry, I dozed
off I am here! Btw, there's no \Donate\ option Can you paste the code
you copied from the Emil link? only, buy, pay and subscribe
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick_button_id=2REDM4ZP5CLWQ
Well done so far :) This link took me to Paypal checkout page. Problem?
Now, can you scroll a bit down on the support page and select one of the
buttons under Button Images section? Or you can click this link
directly:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/get-paypal-button-code/#button-images
\n Now, we need to combine both the checkout code and the button code.
Am I so sweet? Lol Ha ha :) Now open this page:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/view-all/ In the code you see in
Step 3, Replace YOUR-LINK-HERE with the Paypal checkout page link you
pasted earlier before the button code. Let me know once done. I'm unable
to edit it Unable to paste the code Ah my bad. First copy that code from
Step 3 and use a text editor program in your computer. Can you paste the
code here? \n(image)\n U mean this? Yep, that's the one. Sweet! So far
so good. Now, we will have to replace the button image code. This is the
button of my choice: Ok, thanks. Let me work on the code. Please Can you
paste the link you got from PayPal here as well? Which link? The one i
sent before? Which took you to the Logout Page? If that Yeah, nevermind
I have it. Just one moment. Here's the code, \n(image)\n What nxt?
Please go to your Customizer, innkuan.net/wp-admin/customize Click on
Widgets And then select the Footer widget. Click Add a widget and search
for Text Widget Once you've added the widget paste in the code I gave
you above into the Text area. You'll see that tab on the right side.
Please let me know if you have any questions as you are going through
the steps.
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/shoppingcart?flowlogging_id=25d9fc21ee976=1499195551191_25d9fc21ee976#/checkout/openButton
Please see the PayPal Page Ok, I've got it open. What's the issue with
it? No issue Ah ok :) Is it not possible...... You know....to Edit the
Price per Item??? It's a donation page.... Just.....wondering Let me
look up the exact steps for a donation button at PayPal. Take a look
here, https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/get-paypal-button-code/
For the button type you should be able to choose donation. I was not I
couldn't Only \buy\, subscribe and \pay now\ Ok, but it appears that you
selected a button with a quantity field, which isn't needed in your
case. Can you remove that from the button in the settings? Instead you
should just have a description, i.e., Donate and then a field for the
amount the user can enter. ha3 my bad I still can't figure out I went to
the settings Ok, from my steps there appears there should be a Donate
button. Please go here,
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_button-management Then follow
the exact steps from #3 here,
https://en.support.wordpress.com/paypal/get-paypal-button-code/ Choose
Donation for the button type.
https://www.paypal.com/in/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_flow=LJq6t5ZPlvomxdlQu2arkkiPoCMHPRNvOBnxF5rlWrnQF5V2qnuiMeKm1nm=5885d80a13c0db1f8e263663d3faee8d83a0bf7db316a7beb1b14b43acd04037=Merchant__ButtonDesignerFlow___StateButtonDesignerStart=1672087358f4d8750b44caf0ddce1dcc5c4c33c9
Please check the above like link# there are only 3 button types Shopping
Cart, Buy Now, Subscription I can't access that link, since it's for
your PayPal account. Can you take a screenshot and upload it to your
Media Library? Sorry... You can upload it here,
https://innkuan.net/wp-admin/upload.php m using Windows on Mac Trying to
use SW to take screenshots, as soon as i press the button, the dropdown
menu disappears Oh no! Do these steps help?
https://en.support.wordpress.com/make-a-screenshot I will contact
tomorow Ok, do you need to step away? i need to rest m tired now You
helped me a lot Ah ok, sure. Please let us know once you're working on
it again and we can help out. For now I do see you have the button
working in your footer. btw, there is no printscreen button on the MAC
keyboard or m unable to figure out So that should be sufficient, but it
would be best to get the Donation button. it works perfectly \Sweet\! I
will do again maybe when i get time Sounds good. Let us know if you have
any other questions when you're going through the steps and we can help
out :) since im working on this website as part-time, hard for me to
cope with my work I do know some users that take a screenshot manually
with their phone, and you can use the WordPress app to add it to the
Media Library :) Ciao........ Happy 4th to you as well! Hi, I put an
add-on on my WP theme today (SEO Yoast) it's really good and I like the
tips it gives but I can't update my posts any longer when i use the
'publish' function. \n\nI can still update posts via the dashboard, but
this doesn't allow me to up date the meta description. \n\nDo you have
any idea why that is? Is it maybe a bug of downloading SEO Yoast for
WordPress? So, you're trying to edit your Post via this dashboard:
https://wordpress.com/posts/colossalinsights.com Or this one?
https://colossalinsights.com/wp-admin/edit.php Well, I'm using both, but
I'm referring to the top one It's in that one I can't update posts The
bottom link works fine I'm not sure if it's relevant, but I've also
noticed that no 'edit' option comes up like it used to when I read one
of the pages of my site when I'm logged in It just doesn't appear where
it used to before the add-on was added Not sure if the two are connected
Yes, once you installed Yoast You need to update them by using the black
dashboard, wp-admin Since Yoast takes those Post's metadates and, in
some way, it \controls\ them That's what I've been doing But it tells me
to update the meta description and I can't do that in the black
dashboard wp-admin Or can I? There's no option for it, but perhaps I
could add it in? I think you can add those by editing the post directly.
I'm not very familiar with that plugin but let me take a look I'm trying
to edit this one:
https://colossalinsights.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=974=edit and I'm not
getting any message about meta Are you getting that on a specific one?
It reads No meta description has been specified. Search engines will
display copy from the page instead. It says that at the bottom in the
SEO Yoast dropdown But there's nowhere for me to add a meta description
I think it's here:
https://colossalinsights.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=974=edit There's
icons right next to that message The one similar to a \gear\ Here's more
information about that:
https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/titles-and-meta-descriptions/ I
don't see any icon for meta description there :/ I have Publish, Format,
Categories, Tags and Featured Image on the right of the page, but no
Meta And no gear symbol I'm not sure if those features are Premium ones,
It seems you have the Yoast free version Yes, I have the free version
I'd simply recommend you to take a look at that plugin's docs:
https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/titles-and-meta-descriptions/
Review what are the free features:
https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ Okay, I'm kind of aware of that
And if you have any question, contact that plugin's support directly:
https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/wordpress-seo I was hoping to be
able to solve the issue with updating the meta description But if that's
not possible Maybe I'll just delete the add on I managed to find out
where the meta is Go here:
https://colossalinsights.com/wp-admin/post.php?post=974=edit Lol I know
Keyword: addition Edit snippet But it doesn't show up for me I think
it's because I only have the free version No, i'm logged on your site
It's working I'll show you a screenshot Here: http://cld.wthms.co/b03ixi
Ohhhhhhh I click edit snippet I do apologise Thank you I see it now :)
Awesome! Haha I learned something in the process as well Can I just ask
one more thing? How can I shorten the slug of a piece I put up? Oop!
It's right there as well :) All okay Thank you very much for your help
and patience Thank you, have a good day instalar archivo de google
webmaster google webmaster Con google webmaster te refieres a validar tu
dominio con Google ? sí Bien, eso se hace colocando el código de Google
en la sección de tráfico. Mira el detalle acá:
https://en.support.wordpress.com/webmaster-tools/#google-search-console
Con eso puedes validar el sitio con Google. Sigues allí? Parece que has
dejado el chat. Voy a cerrar esta ventana, pero abre una nueva cuando
quieras :)